Jamie Dimon warns of growing crypto competition in annual letter: ‘We need to roll out our own blockchain technology’
2026-04-07 23:44
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/crypto/articles/jamie-dimon-warns-growing-crypto-224441002.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has long been among the crypto sector’s most notable skeptics. Dimon vowed in 2017 to fire any JPMorgan trader who traded bitcoin and has called the oldest cryptocurrency a “fraud” and a “pet rock.” More recently, though, Dimon has become more open to the technology and, this week, he acknowledged that blockchain-based companies are now among his bank’s competitors.
What growth has JPMorgan seen in blockchain transactions?
How might the CLARITY Act impact stablecoin rewards?
Why does Jamie Dimon view blockchain companies as competitors?
What blockchain technology has JPMorgan been developing internally?
In his annual shareholder letter published on Monday, Dimon said “a whole new set of competitors is emerging based on blockchain, which includes stablecoins, smart contracts and other forms of tokenization.”
Dimon added that JPMorgan will need to up its game to ward off competition from the upstarts, writing: “We need to roll out our own blockchain technology.”
JPMorgan has been quietly rolling out its own blockchain technology for several years now. The bank unveiled its JPM Coin running on a permissioned blockchain in 2019. More recently, its Kinexys blockchain unit has continued to expand into areas like tokenization and payments. JPMorgan has explored permissionless blockchains, too: The co-CEOs of Commercial and Investment Banking at the firm recently touted its involvement in the 2025 U.S. commercial paper issuance on Solana for Galaxy Digital Holdings.
Dimon’s views on crypto began  to change in earnest last year. In July, he proclaimed himself to be a “believer in stablecoins” and, during the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit in October, he reiterated that “blockchain is real” and predicted it would replace elements of the financial system. His latest comments underscore how the crypto sector has now become something else: a competitor to JPMorgan itself.
Dimon’s latest comments on blockchain come as the bank has been sparring with the crypto industry in Washington, D.C. over a closely-watched piece of crypto legislation known as the CLARITY Act.
The bill would establish a U.S. regulatory framework for crypto, resolving long-running ambiguities involving the responsibilities of different financial regulators and registration criteria for crypto firms. Proponents of the law argue that clearer crypto rules can protect consumers while reversing a “regulation-by-enforcement” approach that has historically stifled crypto innovation in the U.S.
CLARITY passed the House but hit a snag in the Senate earlier this year over provisions that sought to make it harder for stablecoin issuers to offer rewards to holders. The GENIUS Act, a legislative framework for stablecoins passed in 2025, restricts stablecoin issuers from paying yield to holders. However, crypto exchanges such as Coinbase are able to custody stablecoins for issuers and pass along rewards to holders. Banks have lobbied Congress to close this “loophole,” arguing that yield-bearing stablecoins could be a potential substitute for bank deposits, which could significantly reduce banks’ deposit base.
Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong came out against a draft of CLARITY in January partly because, in Armstrong’s telling, banning stablecoin rewards allows banks to “ban their competition.” Coinbase earns a significant amount of revenue from USDC interest, and a ban on stablecoin rewards could presumably hurt the company’s bottom line. Amid the back-and-forth, Dimon reportedly accosted Armstrong at the World Economic Forum in Davos, telling the Coinbase CEO he’s “full of shit.”
In a Fox Business interview April 1, Coinbase Chief Legal Officer Paul Grewal said the banks and stablecoin companies are “very close to a deal.”
With more crypto-friendly regulators in charge under the Trump administration, companies in the crypto sector have lately shown a willingness to become more bank-like. A number of crypto firms have received conditional approval for a national trust banking charter from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. These bank charters, while somewhat narrow, enable crypto firms to do things like custody user assets.
As crypto competitors have become more formidable, JPMorgan has also bolstered its crypto functions. In an investor report penned Monday, the co-CEOs of the firm’s Commercial and Investment Banking division noted that transactions on JPMorgan’s blockchain-based products had grown thirtyfold since 2023.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
