Artivion, ANI Pharmaceuticals, and Privia Health Shares Are Soaring, What You Need To Know
2026-04-07 21:53
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/artivion-ani-pharmaceuticals-privia-health-205350529.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
A number of stocks jumped in the afternoon session after the government announced a surprise increase in payment rates for Medicare Advantage plans.
This change raises the revenue that insurance companies receive per patient from federal funds without increasing their costs. This is projected to improve profit margins for major providers like UnitedHealth and Humana.
How did healthcare stocks respond to Medicare news?
Why are these healthcare companies benefiting from policy changes?
What drove ANI Pharmaceuticals' recent earnings performance?
What caused Medicare Advantage payment rate increases?
The biggest move we wrote about over the last year was 8 months ago when the stock gained 18.4% on the news that the company reported second-quarter earnings and revenue that surpassed analyst estimates and raised its full-year financial guidance.
The specialty pharmaceutical company announced quarterly net revenues of $211.4 million, a 53.1% year-over-year increase that beat analyst estimates of $191.5 million. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $1.80, also significantly higher than the consensus forecast of $1.42. Bolstering investor confidence, ANI Pharmaceuticals increased its 2025 forecast, now expecting full-year revenues between $818 million and $843 million and adjusted earnings per share from $6.98 to $7.35, both well above prior guidance.
Medical Devices & Supplies - Cardiology, Neurology, Vascular company Artivion (NYSE:AORT) jumped 3.6%. Is now the time to buy Artivion? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Generic Pharmaceuticals company ANI Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ANIP) jumped 3.9%. Is now the time to buy ANI Pharmaceuticals? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Healthcare Technology for Providers company Privia Health (NASDAQ:PRVA) jumped 3.5%. Is now the time to buy Privia Health? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
ANI Pharmaceuticals’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 7 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful, although it might not be something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.
ANI Pharmaceuticals is up 2.1% since the beginning of the year, but at $80.09 per share, it is still trading 18.9% below its 52-week high of $98.81 from September 2025. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of ANI Pharmaceuticals’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $2,493.
ONE MORE THING: The $21 AI Application Stock Wall Street Forgot. While Wall Street obsesses over who’s building AI, one company is already using it to print money. And nobody’s paying attention.
AI chip stocks trade at ridiculous valuations. This company processes a trillion consumer signals monthly using AI and trades at a third of the price. The gap won’t last. The institutions will figure it out. You need to see this first. Read the FREE Report Before They Notice.
Among others, the following stocks were impacted:
The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
