Astrana Health, Evolent Health, Neogen, agilon health, and Fortrea Shares Are Soaring, What You Need To Know
2026-04-07 22:01
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/astrana-health-evolent-health-neogen-210150191.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
A number of stocks jumped in the afternoon session after the government announced a surprise increase in payment rates for Medicare Advantage plans.
This change raises the revenue that insurance companies receive per patient from federal funds without increasing their costs. This is projected to improve profit margins for major providers like UnitedHealth and Humana.
What are agilon health's recent financial challenges?
How will Medicare Advantage rate increases affect profits?
What caused these healthcare stocks to jump today?
Why did agilon health see such volatile movement?
agilon health’s shares are extremely volatile and have had 87 moves greater than 5% over the last year. But moves this big are rare even for agilon health and indicate this news significantly impacted the market’s perception of the business.
The previous big move we wrote about was 26 days ago when the stock dropped 7.6% as the company provided its financial outlook at the Barclays 28th Annual Global Healthcare Conference, which included a forecast for rising costs in 2026.
Healthcare Technology for Providers company Astrana Health (NASDAQ:ASTH) jumped 7%. Is now the time to buy Astrana Health? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Healthcare Technology for Providers company Evolent Health (NYSE:EVH) jumped 12.4%. Is now the time to buy Evolent Health? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Medical Devices & Supplies - Diversified company Neogen (NASDAQ:NEOG) jumped 4.8%. Is now the time to buy Neogen? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Outpatient & Specialty Care company agilon health (NYSE:AGL) jumped 13.6%. Is now the time to buy agilon health? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Drug Development Inputs & Services company Fortrea (NASDAQ:FTRE) jumped 3.6%. Is now the time to buy Fortrea? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
During the presentation, agilon health stated that its cost trends were forecasted to grow 7.5% in 2026, with a net growth of 7%. This projection likely raised concerns among investors about the company's future profitability. While the company also shared some positive long-term goals, such as aiming for free cash flow break-even by 2027 and expecting a $125 million benefit from contracting improvements, the more immediate news of rising costs appeared to weigh on investor sentiment.
agilon health is down 1.9% since the beginning of the year, and at $16.52 per share, it is trading 88.4% below its 52-week high of $142 from April 2025. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of agilon health’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at only $21.32.
Among others, the following stocks were impacted:
The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks.
ONE MORE THING: 3 Hidden Platforms Growing 3X Faster than Amazon, Google, and PayPal. Amazon, Google, and Meta all followed the same playbook: Dominate an ignored market. Build an unbeatable moat. Scale until you’re unstoppable.
These three platforms are running that exact playbook right now. The early investors in Amazon made fortunes. The early investors in these could do the same. Get All 3 Stocks Here for FREE.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
