CashPro App Usage Rises 20% as Clients Approve $38,000 in Payments Every Second
2026-04-08 16:05
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/crypto/articles/cashpro-app-usage-rises-20-150500001.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Driven by Bank of America's investments in mobile, AI, and security, the CashPro App is taking on a larger role in real‑time treasury decision‑making
Key points
CashPro App enables real‑time decision‑making in any environment.
Corporate and commercial clients increasingly rely on CashPro for high-value, high-volume activity.
AI-driven insights are becoming a core part of treasury strategy.
NEW YORK and LONDON and SINGAPORE and SÃO PAULO, April 8, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America today announced that its CashPro App has become an indispensable platform for corporate and commercial clients, attracting a record number of sign-ins and growing 20% year over year1. Last year, clients approved a record $1.2 trillion in payment value through the app—an average of $38,000 every second—underscoring the scale of activity and the app's integral role in day‑to‑day treasury operations across industries and geographies.
"The CashPro App has been our saving grace," said Daylon Bailey, Treasury Operations Manager of Highgate Hotels and member of the CashPro North America Board. "It helps me make decisions everyday – including whether to approve someone's access, or to release a wire. For payment approvals, I may not be near my laptop, but if I am expecting a payment that needs to go out, I can pull out my phone and quickly validate information without delay."
The drivers of mobile adoption
Several converging dynamics drove the 20% year-over-year surge in CashPro App sign-ins.
"Mobile has moved from convenience to necessity—serving as a powerful companion to established treasury operations as clients navigate market volatility, evolving workforce expectations, and rapid advancements in mobile-native security and AI," said Jennifer Sanctis, CashPro Product Executive at Bank of America. "These forces are reshaping how treasurers work, and mobile has set itself apart by providing immediate access to information for critical decision-making in moments that matter."
Demand for real-time visibility and AI‑driven insights: The CashPro app delivers instant access into cash positions, balances, and – since November 2025 – Investment Grade Bond market data through Capital Markets Insights and its AI‑driven Trade Evaluation Driver score helping finance teams assess market conditions and relative value directly from their mobile device.
Adoption of biometric authentication via QR Sign In: Enabling a seamless, secure connection to CashPro Online and extending familiar consumer experiences – such as QR codes and biometrics – into high‑value commercial banking workflows.
Preference for push-based workflows over email: In-app push alerts and approvals via the CashPro Mobile Token provide stronger security and faster response times compared to traditional email-based notifications, which remain more vulnerable to spoofing.
"Clients have been clear about what they need from us—speed, resilience, and uncompromising security," said Winnie Chen, head of Global Payments Solutions APAC at Bank of America. "Their feedback, combined with a rapidly evolving industry landscape, continues to shape how we invest in the CashPro App—expanding mobile capabilities that give clients confidence to act quickly and securely, wherever their business takes them."
More enhancements ahead for CashPro App users
Later this year, Bank of America will introduce new functionality to enhance the mobile experience, including:
Redesigned Payment Approval that will further improve workflow.
A new digital identity verification experience for corporate administrators. This update will build on the app's inherent cybersecurity protections and patented integrated mobile token.
Frequently Asked Questions
Question: What is CashPro?
Answer: CashPro is Bank of America's flagship digital platform used by more than 35,000 companies around the globe to manage and monitor their payments, deposits, loans and trade transactions. Through a single, unified experience, CashPro connects companies and institutions to one of the world's largest banking networks – helping them move faster, operate with greater control, and make smarter cash and liquidity decisions globally.
Question: How does CashPro compare against peer offerings?
Answer: For four consecutive years, the CashPro App has been the No. 1 ranked mobile application according to Coalition Greenwich. The broader CashPro platform has also been ranked:
No. 1 (tied) – Overall Leadership in Digital Channels, fourth consecutive year
No. 1 – Online Portal Overall
No. 1 – Host-to-Host (tied)
No. 2 – TMS and ERP integrations
Question: Does CashPro use AI technology?
Answer: Yes. CashPro uses AI technology in the following ways:
CashPro Capital Markets Insights uses an AI-driven algorithm leveraging market variables that produces a TED score – an objective way to quantify the macro backdrop that clients, the debt issuers, are faced with prior to deciding the viability of an investment-grade issuance on a given day.
CashPro Forecasting is an AI-driven data intelligence tool that automatically integrates account data and applies machine learning to analyze global cash positions, generate accurate forecasts, and deliver actionable insights—all within minutes.
CashPro Chat is a virtual assistant built with Bank of America's AI-driven Erica technology. Clients use the tool to access account information, for transaction tracking and service resolution.
Question: What is the CashPro Board?
Answer: Bank of America has a number of CashPro Boards. Comprised of client users, the boards represent different client segments and regions. Dialogue generated through the boards is used to help determine investment and design decisions.
Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts.
Reporters may contact
Louise Hennessy, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.646.858.6471louise.hennessy@bofa.com
1 Full Year 2024 to Full Year 2025

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cashpro-app-usage-rises-20-as-clients-approve-38-000-in-payments-every-second-302736612.html
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
