Global Chaos, AI Fears Help Tech’s Dividend Stocks
2026-04-08 16:31
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/high-dividends-turn-telecom-stocks-110326291.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
(Bloomberg) -- An uncertain economy and dangerous geopolitical backdrop have investors buying into technology’s most popular haven trade: dividend-rich telecommunications stocks.
After a dismal 2025, telecom is one of this year’s top performing sectors in the S&P 500 Index, rising more than 7% while the broad benchmark is down about 1%. Shares of Verizon Communication Inc. are up 16% in 2026, and AT&T Inc. has gained 10%. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq 100 Index fell into a correction in March, and a Bloomberg gauge of the Magnificent Seven tech giants is about 10% below its October high.
The reason for the divergence is fairly simple. With the economic outlook increasingly dicey, investors are prioritizing predictable cash flows and above-average dividend income, which the telecoms provide, according to Sergey Dluzhevskiy, portfolio manager at Gabelli Funds.
“You have a market rotation away from some of the technology-oriented names and the AI trade broadly to more defensive sectors,” Dluzhevskiy said.
The dividend yield for the S&P 500 Communications Services Industry Group Index is 4.3%, roughly in line with the yield on 10-year Treasuries, which fell below 4% in late February and early March. Individually, Verizon shares boast a 5.6% dividend, while Comcast Corp.’s payout is 4.8%.
“When you have Treasury yields go lower, higher-yielding dividend stocks look attractive,” said Randy Hare, a portfolio manager at Huntington National Bank. “Your dividend aristocrats are outperforming the market.”
Dividend stocks are favored by investors who are worried about future growth and want to protect their portfolios in times of market turmoil by generating predictable returns. That aligns with the current market sentiment, where the destabilization brought on by the Iran war is running into concerns about the billions of dollars megacap tech companies are spending to build out the infrastructure for artificial intelligence. Those AI investments are propping up a wide array of industries and stocks that could slump if the capital expenditures slow.
“In an age in which people become nervous about growth — and I think that, you know, in 2026 we’ve seen that pretty substantially — people start looking at downside protection,” said Bill Mann, chief investment officer and portfolio manager at Motley Fool Asset Management. As such, a dividend “becomes a natural attractor for investors.”
Verizon shares have been leading the telecom group this year, soaring 23% in the first quarter, their best quarterly performance since 2010, after losing 7.3% in the final quarter of 2025. The rally started in January after the company reported its largest gain in mobile phone subscribers in seven years and expanded its buyback program to as much as $25 billion over the next three years. AT&T’s stock price also jumped after a stronger-than anticipated earnings report.
Even the big telecommunications stocks that aren’t in the green for 2026 offer steady income. T-Mobile US Inc. shares are down about 2% this year and Comcast Corp. shares have shed 0.8%. Plus, the stocks provide solid dividend yields — Comcast’s is about 4.8%, while T-Mobile’s is 1.9%.
Telecommunications companies are also part of the popular HALO trade, which is short for high asset and low obsolescence. Their fiber-optic cables, cellular towers, data centers and more are seen as providing staying power in an evolving economic environment. In other words, while they’re also investing in AI for their internal operations, customer service and network performance, they are more insulated from the build-out race than other parts of the technology industry.
“You can’t replace fiber optic telephone lines with AI,” said Hare.
While dividend stocks may not generate the stratospheric returns of the market’s highest fliers, like the recent boom in memory and storage shares, they can offer some protection from losses. And in the case of telecom companies, they also have reliable businesses providing services that are essential to US consumers.
“I think the pandemic proved, and truly highlighted, the essential nature of silicon network and broad digital infrastructure as well as the value of connectivity in today’s economy,” Gabelli’s Dluzhevskiy said. “In the recessionary scenario, people may cut other bills but will hold onto their wireless and broadband services. I think the combination of many of those factors played into a strong performance for those things.”
Tech Chart of the Day
Top Tech Stories
Elon Musk is seeking to have OpenAI Chief Executive Officer and board member Sam Altman removed from his roles at the artificial intelligence startup as part of the billionaire’s legal challenge to the ChatGPT maker’s conversion to a for-profit company.
Apple Inc.’s first foldable phone is on track to arrive during the company’s normal iPhone launch period later this year, people with knowledge of the matter said, rebutting concerns about major manufacturing snags.
Anthropic PBC is letting tech firms access a more powerful, unreleased artificial intelligence model to help prepare for possible cyberattacks that might result from the company making the advanced AI system more widely available.
Intel Corp. is joining Elon Musk’s long-shot effort to develop semiconductors for Tesla Inc., SpaceX and xAI, marking a surprising twist in the chipmaker’s comeback bid.
Super Micro Computer Inc. said a committee of its independent directors has hired a law firm and is investigating the circumstances surrounding an indictment last month of two employees and a contractor over the sale of servers to China.
Earnings Due Wednesday
No major earnings expected
(Corrects firm name in eighth paragraph.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
