Apple stock is the new retail investor darling
2026-04-08 17:19
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-stock-is-the-new-retail-investor-darling-161946873.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Step aside, Nvidia (NVDA). Retail investors are rekindling an old flame in Apple's (AAPL) stock.
According to new data from Vanda Research, retail investors bought a net $65.3 million worth of Apple stock on Tuesday, marking the best day of net buying since June 2025 (see chart below).
"Net-net: retail is rotating within large-cap tech, with Apple emerging as the latest pocket of conviction," Vanda Research strategists said.
How is Apple planning to upgrade Siri with AI?
Why are retail investors suddenly buying Apple stock again?
What challenges is Apple's stock currently facing in 2025?
What is Apple's upcoming foldable iPhone expected to feature?
Retail flows into megatech have eased recently, notably for Nvidia, Microsoft (MSFT), and Meta (META), according to Vanda. Investors have rotated into war plays in oil — and Apple hasn't been immune to the volatility.
The company delivered its best quarter in history in January, yet its stock has struggled to find a consistent footing over the past month as US geopolitical tensions with Iran and tariff fears cloud its near-term outlook.
The stock is pacing in line with the S&P 500 (^GSPC) over the past month, up about 0.3%. Year to date, shares are down 5%.
But investors may be starting to see a few catalysts on the horizon for Apple, the biggest one being a new form factor for the iconic iPhone.
Reports in early April 2026 suggested that Apple's first foldable device, likely named the iPhone Fold or iPhone Ultra, had officially entered the trial production phase at Foxconn.
The device is expected to be a book-style foldable featuring a 5.5-inch outer display and a 7.8-inch inner screen when unfolded.
Despite rumors of engineering delays from Nikkei Asia, Bloomberg reported that the device remains on track for a September 2026 unveiling.
"Our checks continue to point towards things being on track, though we would note large scale production of next-gen phone is likely a June/July dynamic but so far we would argue that foldable phone should launch in line with expectations in Sept-26 timeframe," Evercore ISI analyst Amit Daryanani said in a note.
Daryanani maintained an Outperform rating on Apple with a $330 price target.
Meanwhile, Apple is reorganizing its leadership under AI vice president Amar Subramanya. The team is preparing for a significant AI-driven overhaul of Siri, scheduled for later in 2026.
Combined, the new device and revamped Siri could help spur a strong upgrade cycle. In January, Apple signed a multiyear deal with Google to integrate Gemini into Apple Intelligence and Siri.
Wedbush analyst Dan Ives said he expects Apple to discuss the Gemini integration at June's WWDC. The company is also expected to share details on new developer tools to simplify AI integration.
"We ultimately expect an AI subscription service by 2027. Apple remains one of our favorite tech names," Ives added.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
