Goldman Sachs Spots Buying Opportunity in Bruised Big Tech
2026-04-08 05:01
https://www.thedailyupside.com/technology/big-tech/goldman-sachs-suggests-big-tech-is-undervalued-and-investors-should-buy-the-dip/?.tsrc=rss
----------
The Roundhill Magnificent Seven ETF, which tracks Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Microsoft, Nvidia and Tesla, has slid roughly 11% this year.
Mallika Mitra
Guest Contributor to The Daily Upside
After years as stock market heavyweights, Big Tech shares are looking a lot like an early Rocky Balboa: beaten up and on the ropes.
The beat-down has been such that even members of the Magnificent Seven are undervalued and investors should buy the dip, Goldman Sachs analyst Peter Oppenheimer wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. The Roundhill Magnificent Seven ETF — which offers equal exposure to Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Microsoft, Nvidia and Tesla — has slid roughly 11% for the year amid concerns about artificial intelligence disruption and the war with Iran, which has choked oil supplies. But continued military conflict could prompt central banks to cut interest rates to avoid a recession, and that’s something tech stocks tend to like.
“The risk is that the longer the disruption to the Strait of Hormuz continues, the more this morphs into a perceived growth shock, limiting interest rate rises,” Oppenheimer wrote in the note, published before a two-week ceasefire was agreed to on the condition that Iran reopens the Strait. “Given the relative insensitivity of the cash flows in the technology sector to economic growth, and the benefit it would derive on any rally in bond yields, this sector might prove to be more defensive over the next few months.”
Tech giants have been synonymous with growth in recent years. But now they’ve fallen behind some surprising market stalwarts. Walmart, for example, is trading at a higher price-to-earnings ratio than Amazon.
“That’s a bit of an anomaly,” Jed Ellerbroek, portfolio manager at Argent Capital Management, told The Daily Upside. Typically, the faster-growing companies trade at higher multiples. So it’s a good opportunity to buy big tech stocks, Ellerbroek adds. Not only because they’re relatively inexpensive, but because “their businesses are performing really well,” which he predicts will be underscored during quarterly earnings reports.
Investors looking to buy the dip will have a long shopping list:
Tesla in the Ring: Tesla, whose stock is down around 21% for the year, seems to be itching to rejoin its Mag Seven tech peers, announcing a partnership with Intel on Tuesday. Intel is collaborating with Elon Musk on the Terafab project to design chips for Tesla, SpaceX and xAI. “Terafab represents a step change in how silicon logic, memory and packaging will get built in the future,” Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan said on X.
Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong said last week in response to Google’s paper that “we all need to solve it sooner rather than later.”
An ETF makeover for mutual funds, enabled by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may cut taxes for millions and upend the funds biz.
Just 28% of workers say it’s a good time to find a quality job, down from 70% in mid-2022, according to data from Gallup.
The bank says it will increase access to capital, advice and training for 10 million small businesses, up from the 7 million it serves today.
The fledgling ChatGPT advertising network reached $100 million in annualized revenue in just two months since its launch.
Talk about automation is swamping American industries, but are the companies tossing around tech-savvy buzzwords overstating robotic reality?
Shares of Meta plummeted roughly 8% on Thursday as investors digested the implications of the court losses.
Is it possible Citrini underestimated the dopamine rush Millennials get when they use credit card points to book a “free” flight to Bali?
The 35-year-old company previously made money mostly by licensing its designs to other players in the chip ecosystem.
By next year, Wing plans to work with 270 Walmarts in major cities like LA and Miami, expanding its partnership from 150 stores.
Samsung’s foundry revenue recently fell 3.9% to $12.6 billion, and its market share dipped 2.2 percentage points to 7.2%.
The agentic AI platform has gone viral since its initial launch as users scooped up Mac Minis en masse to run the open-source tech 24/7.
© 2026 The Daily Upside
