What Analyst Projections for Key Metrics Reveal About Goldman (GS) Q1 Earnings
2026-04-08 14:15
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/analyst-projections-key-metrics-reveal-131503576.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Wall Street analysts expect Goldman Sachs (GS) to post quarterly earnings of $16.48 per share in its upcoming report, which indicates a year-over-year increase of 16.7%. Revenues are expected to be $17.01 billion, up 12.9% from the year-ago quarter.
The current level reflects a downward revision of 3.7% in the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter over the past 30 days. This demonstrates how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reappraised their initial projections over this period.
Before a company reveals its earnings, it is vital to take into account any changes in earnings projections. These revisions play a pivotal role in predicting the possible reactions of investors toward the stock. Multiple empirical studies have consistently shown a strong association between trends in earnings estimates and the short-term price movements of a stock.
While it's common for investors to rely on consensus earnings and revenue estimates for assessing how the business may have performed during the quarter, exploring analysts' forecasts for key metrics can yield valuable insights.
That said, let's delve into the average estimates of some Goldman metrics that Wall Street analysts commonly model and monitor.
Analysts expect 'Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- Total' to come in at $12.65 billion. The estimate points to a change of +18.1% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts predict that the 'Net Revenues- Asset & Wealth Management- Total' will reach $4.07 billion. The estimate indicates a change of +10.6% from the prior-year quarter.
The consensus among analysts is that 'Net Revenues- Asset & Wealth Management- Private banking and lending' will reach $726.28 million. The estimate points to a change of +0.2% from the year-ago quarter.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- Other' should come in at $205.50 million. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +4.3%.
Analysts forecast 'Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- Investment banking fees' to reach $2.42 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +26.3% year over year.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'Net Revenues- Platform Solutions- Total' will likely reach $351.17 million. The estimate points to a change of -48.1% from the year-ago quarter.
The consensus estimate for 'Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- Equities' stands at $5.00 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +19.2% year over year.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- FICC' of $5.02 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +14.1%.
It is projected by analysts that the 'Book Value Per Share' will reach $363.76 . The estimate compares to the year-ago value of $344.20 .
The average prediction of analysts places 'Assets Under Supervision (AUS) - Total' at $3679.12 billion. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported $3173.00 billion in the same quarter of the previous year.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Standardized Capital Rules - Common equity tier 1 capital ratio' reaching 14.4%. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 14.8%.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'Leverage ratio' should arrive at 6.5%. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 5.5%.
View all Key Company Metrics for Goldman here>>>
Goldman shares have witnessed a change of +3.6% in the past month, in contrast to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -1.7% move. With a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), GS is expected closely follow the overall market performance in the near term. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> .
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
