Delta CEO braces flyers for higher fares amid surge in oil prices tied to Iran war
2026-04-08 16:51
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/delta-ceo-braces-flyers-higher-155121546.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
The CEO of Delta Air Lines, Ed Bastian, braced customers for higher fares following the surge in oil prices sparked by the US-Israel war on Iran, amid strong demand from passengers.
Though rising oil prices have cost the company an extra $330m in fuel expenses, and it projected a $2bn increase in fuel costs in the current quarter, Delta forecast that revenue would grow 10% as flyers continue to book flights.
It was a “healthy” time to travel, Bastian said on Wednesday.
But as several carriers raise baggage fees, blaming volatility in the oil markets, Bastian hinted such moves could be permanent – increasing the cost of air travel. “At this level of fuel [pricing], it’s hard to call anything temporary,” he said.
Related: Several US airlines raise baggage fees due to higher oil costs associated with Iran war
Oil prices plunged after Iran announced the strait of Hormuz will be reopened as part of a two-week ceasefire agreement it made with the US. Brent crude, the global benchmark, dropped from $110 a barrel to under $95 a barrel, though prices are still about $20 a barrel higher than before the conflict began.
Major US airlines have been rocked since the US-Israel conflict with Iran began in late February. American Airlines and United’s stock prices have jumped down 25% and 13% respectively since the start of the year.
In late March, the United Airlines CEO, Scott Kirby, said that ticket prices could jump 20% if fuel prices remained high, though airlines are trying to prevent consumer demand from falling.
“Demand is the strongest it’s been,” Kirby said in March, noting that 2026 had been a record-breaking year for travel bookings.
Though Delta’s share price rose 17% last year with soaring demand, its stock price has remained flat so far this year – a sign of both consumer resilience and that the conflict may have eaten into the company’s growth. Its shares rose 6% during early trading on Wednesday.
Bastian said that Delta will cut some capacity, trimming midweek and overnight flights that have fewer passengers, but use up expensive fuel. United made a similar announcement of capacity cuts last month as it projected higher oil prices for the rest of the year.
But Bastian had previously said Delta had benefited from the impacts of the K-shaped economy, in which huge growth in the stock market has led to more spending from affluent Americans whose wealth is tied to markets, even as lower-income Americans pull back spending due to higher prices.
Even before the conflict, he noted that most of the company’s growth came from wealthier customers buying business- and first-class seats. Now, those customers are still spending.
“Our consumers, who sit at the top end of the K, are continuing to invest in travel,” Bastian told CNBC. “It’s their priority, and they want to have that experience.”
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
