McDonald's Türkiye Launches Campaign Spotlighting Driving Safety
2026-04-06 08:00
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/mcdonalds-t-rkiye-launches-campaign-070000432.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
McDonald's Türkiye has launched its "Drink & Drive" campaign, drawing attention to driving safety. Centered around McCafé, the campaign is inspired by the increase in travel during holiday periods and creatively reinterprets a universal road-safety warning through distinctive visual design.
ISTANBUL, April 6, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- McDonald's Türkiye reinterprets a globally recognized message with a creative twist in its new campaign inspired by increased travel during holiday periods. Developed for out-of-home, digital, and print channels, the 'Drink & Drive' campaign positions McCafé® around the idea of alertness and attentiveness while driving. The brand's iconic Golden Arches are also transformed into a bold road line, symbolizing the driver's focus on challenging journeys.
The campaign draws its essence from the long-standing global road-safety warning, 'Don't Drink and Drive.' McDonald's Türkiye creatively reinterprets this powerful, universally recognized message through a playful linguistic twist and a unique visual language centered around coffee consumption.
Reimagining a Well-Known Road Safety Message Through Coffee
Özdeş Dönen Artak, CMO of McDonald's Türkiye, commented on the campaign:
"At McDonald's Türkiye, we prioritize creating communication that resonates with the real-life moments of our customers. Our new campaign is a creative reflection of this approach. By taking the universally recognized 'Don't Drink and Drive' warning and reinterpreting it through a coffee-oriented perspective, we've introduced our own take: 'Drink & Drive.' In doing so, we've woven McCafé naturally into the narrative. By blending this idea with McDonald's iconic visual identity, our goal was to create a truly memorable impact. We invite everyone looking to feel good and stay refreshed—whether starting their journey or taking a well-deserved break—to make our coffee their companion on the road."
Türkiye's Most Challenging Routes Selected for the Campaign
Designed by TBWA\Istanbul, a leading agency shaping the advertising and marketing landscape with its award-winning works, the campaign features visual communications centered around some of Türkiye's most challenging driving routes. Key locations that carry the campaign's visual narrative include the Kuşyuvası Pass in Konya, known for its precarious 65-kilometer mountain stretch; the Mersin-Alanya road, offering a long-haul 330-kilometer coastal driving experience; and the Bursa-Domaniç road, a challenging route reaching altitudes of 1,500 meters.
About McDonald's Türkiye
According to Brand Finance's "Global 25 Most Valuable Restaurants 2026" report, McDonald's—recognized as the world's most valuable restaurant brand—opened its first location in Türkiye in 1986. Today, McDonald's Türkiye operates with 319 restaurants and a dedicated team of over 10,000 employees. Committed to supporting the local economy, the company sources 98% of its products and services from suppliers operating within Türkiye.
Media Contact:Kaan Kirişçioğlu kaan.kiriscioglu@lorbi.com +90 533 261 91 55
İlayda Karacaoğluilayda.karacaoglu@lorbi.com
Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2949860/McDonalds_Turkiye.jpg
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mcdonalds-turkiye-launches-campaign-spotlighting-driving-safety-302733980.html
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
