Goldman Sachs Raises Price Targets 11% and More on 3 Dividend Blue Chips
2026-04-07 13:16
https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/07/goldman-sachs-raising-price-targets-11-and-more-on-3-dividend-blue-chips/?.tsrc=rss
----------
Investing
It is always a bullish sign when top firms like Goldman Sachs raise price targets on Buy-rated stocks.
After a very volatile start to the year, stocks were buoyed by recent positive economic data and hopes for an end to the war in Iran.
Divided stocks like the ones Goldman Sachs raised price targets on make sense now for growth and income investors.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)
Sending You to Google News in 3
© Yuriy K / Shutterstock.com
Founded in 1869, Goldman Sachs is the world’s second-largest investment bank by revenue and is ranked 32nd on the Fortune 500 list of the largest U.S. corporations by total revenue. The Wall Street white-glove giant offers financing, advisory services, risk distribution, and hedging for the firm’s institutional and corporate clients. In addition, it provides advice, investing, and execution for institutions and individuals across public and private markets.

It is always a good sign when the Goldman Sachs team starts raising price targets on Buy-rated companies. Typically, when a stock has been performing well, and its target price is increased, it usually means that analysts are optimistic about what they see six to 12 months ahead. When we see a target price increase of 11% or more, it’s time to share it with our readers. Here are three that appear to be outstanding ideas for growth and income investors.


Goldman Sachs is the acknowledged leader in the investment landscape on Wall Street and worldwide. The firm’s top-notch research department continues to provide clients with the best ideas across the investment spectrum and is likely to do so for years to come.

AT&T (NYSE: T | T Price Prediction) is the world’s fourth-largest telecommunications company, measured by revenue. It continues to undergo a lengthy restructuring process while maintaining a solid dividend of 3.92%. AT&T provides a range of telecommunications, media, and technology services worldwide. Its Communications segment offers wireless voice and data communications services.
The company is continuing a multi-year restructuring into 2026, focusing on becoming a streamlined 5G and fiber connectivity company. Recent efforts include segmenting into Advanced Connectivity and Legacy, shifting to merit-based hiring, and relocating its global headquarters to Plano, Texas, to consolidate operations.
AT&T sells through its company-owned stores, agents, and third-party retail stores:
AT&T also provides:
Additionally, the company provides residential customers with fiber broadband and legacy voice telephony services. It markets its communications services and products under:
The company’s Latin America segment provides wireless services in Mexico and video services throughout the region. This segment markets its services and products under the AT&T and Unefon brands.
The Goldman Sachs price target increased from $30 to $33, which represents a 16.5% gain from current levels.

As the leading U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) exporter, with a small 0.76% dividend, Cheniere Energy (NYSE: LNG) is positioned to benefit from both domestic AI-driven demand and international energy needs. Natural gas accounts for 43% of U.S. electricity production, and Cheniere’s ability to scale operations quickly makes it a key player. The company’s export capabilities also provide a hedge against fluctuations in the domestic market. Some on Wall Street believe electricity demand growth could increase by as much as 160% by 2030.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)
The company provides clean and secure LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities, and energy trading companies worldwide. The company operates two natural gas liquefaction and export facilities:
Goldman Sachs raised its $276 price target to $312. That would be an 11% gain from current levels.

This financial powerhouse offers investors a 2.05% dividend and solid total return potential, and it will be one of the first to report earnings next week. Citigroup (NYSE: C) is a global diversified financial services holding company. Its segments include:
The Services segment includes Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS) and securities services. TTS provides an integrated suite of tailored cash management, trade, and working capital solutions to multinational corporations, financial institutions, and public sector organizations.
The Markets segment provides corporate, institutional, and public-sector clients worldwide with a full range of sales and trading services across equities, foreign exchange, rates, spread products, and commodities.
The Banking segment includes investment banking, which supports client capital-raising needs to help strengthen and grow their businesses.
The Wealth segment includes Private Bank, Wealth at Work, and Citigold, and provides financial services to a range of client segments. The USPB segment includes branded cards and retail services.
The $123 Goldman Sachs target price is now $137, which signals an 18% gain.

Retirement planning doesn’t have to feel overwhelming. The key is finding expert guidance, and SmartAsset’s simple quiz makes it easier than ever for you to connect with a vetted financial advisor. Here’s how:
Answer a few simple questions
Get Matched with Vetted Advisors
Choose Your  Fit
Why wait? Start building the retirement you’ve always dreamed of. Get started today! (sponsor)


Lee Jackson has covered Wall Street analysts' equity and debt research and equity strategy daily for 24/7 Wall St. since 2012. His broad and diverse career, which included a stint as the creative services director at the NBC affiliate in Austin, Texas, gives him unique insight into the financial industry and world.
Lee Jackson's journey in the financial industry spans over 30 years, with nearly two decades as an institutional equity salesperson at Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. His career was marked by his presence on the sell side during pivotal Wall Street events, from the dot.com rise and bubble to the Long Term Capital Management debacle, 9/11, and the Great Recession of 2008. This is a testament to his resilience and adaptability in the face of market volatility.
Lee Jackson’s practical financial industry experience, acquired from a career at some of the biggest banks and brokerage firms, is complemented by a lifetime of writing on various platforms. This unique combination allows him to shed light on the intricacies and workings of Wall Street in a way that only someone with deep insider experience and knowledge can. Moreover, his extensive network across Wall Street continues to provide direct access for him and 24/7 Wall St., a privilege few firms enjoy.
Since 2012, Jackson’s work for 24/7 Wall St. has been featured in Barron’s, Yahoo Finance, MarketWatch, Business Insider, TradingView, Real Money, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Benzinga, and other media outlets. He attended the prestigious Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and has a degree in broadcasting from the Specs Howard School of Media Arts.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
These four very safe dividend stocks from the Goldman Sachs Conviction list may be good ideas for what could be…
Founded in 1869, Goldman Sachs is the world’s second-largest investment bank by revenue and is ranked 55th on the Fortune…
These four stocks offer high dividends and have the safest investment profile, making them ideal for investors concerned about a…
Energy stocks have surged in 2026, driven by a confluence of favorable factors. Oil prices have remained elevated near $70…
Four Goldman Sachs Conviction List picks are outstanding stocks with reliable dividends and likely will receive a tailwind as the…
Here are five Goldman Sachs stock picks that conservative growth and income investors should consider moving to for what could…
These five Goldman Sachs stock picks should thrive in a rate-cutting environment and make sense for growth and income investors.
Goldman Sachs recently hiked price targets on four dividend superstars that make sense for growth and income investors seeking total…
These four Goldman Sachs U.S. Conviction List stock picks come with dependable dividends for those seeking passive income.
