BofA hikes 2026 chips forecast to $1.3 trillion, names Nvidia, Broadcom, Marvell, AMD as top drivers
2026-04-08 17:48
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofa-hikes-2026-chips-forecast-to-13-trillion-names-nvidia-broadcom-marvell-amd-as-top-drivers-164800203.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
The AI gold rush is accelerating so quickly that even bullish analysts are struggling to keep up with their forecasts.
In a new note to clients, Bank of America analyst Vivek Arya issued a massive upgrade to the firm's global semiconductor outlook. He hiked its 2026 revenue target to $1.3 trillion — a $300 billion leap from the estimate the bank provided just four months ago. Nvidia (NVDA) and Broadcom (AVGO) continue to power those AI ambitions, per Arya.
Which AI chip companies are positioned for growth?
What challenges could derail aggressive chip growth forecasts?
How might consumer weakness impact semiconductor outlook?
Why did BofA upgrade semiconductor revenue forecast dramatically?
"We continue to view AI/data center to drive the majority of gains (via compute, networking, memory), with industrial contributing to growths on inventory replenishment and robotics ramp," Arya said.
The bank expects the total semiconductor market to hit the $2 trillion milestone by 2030. This implies a 20% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) through the end of the decade, more than double the 9% growth rate the industry averaged over the past 10 years.
To reach that finish line, Arya argued that the industry is entering a period of "leading logic intensity," where the complexity of chip designs requires a ramp-up in specialized tools.
For investors looking to ride this momentum, BofA is doubling down on "AI compute" leaders, including Marvell Technology (MRVL) and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD). Beyond the chips themselves, the firm is flagging opportunities in chipmaking equipment through names like Applied Materials (AMAT) and Lam Research (LRCX).
Arya also pointed to a looming rebound for electronic design automation (EDA) software firms like Cadence (CDNS) and Synopsys (SNPS). As the broader sector stabilizes, these names serve as a "picks and shovels" play for the design phase of the AI boom.
However, the report also revealed cracks in the broader hardware market. While AI is booming, traditional consumer sectors like smartphones and PCs continue to be a significant drag on the industry. Arya warned that consumer demand could remain sluggish into 2027, which will continue to weigh on the outlook for players like Qualcomm (QCOM) and Skyworks (SWKS).
This bifurcated outlook suggests that while the headline number is growing, the gains are increasingly becoming concentrated in a handful of high-priced players.
The disparity is striking. BofA models a 43% year-over-year jump in compute and storage, compared to a 9% decline in wireless communications.
There is also a mounting mathematical challenge to these aggressive chip forecasts. BofA's analysis suggests that for chip vendors to hit their 2027 sales targets, global cloud capital expenditure would need to exceed $1 trillion — significantly higher than the current consensus of $872 billion. Such growth is not impossible — the firm notes that capex from large private programs like Stargate, sovereign funds, and enterprises could pick up pace this year.
Still, this puts immense pressure on tech giants like Microsoft (MSFT) and Google (GOOG) to keep their foot on the gas, regardless of whether they're seeing tangible return on their gigantic AI investments. If the hyperscalers find themselves with excess capacity or if the monetization of AI software lags, the heightened expectations for chip players may be more hype than reality.
Francisco Velasquez is a Reporter at Yahoo Finance. Follow him on LinkedIn and X. Story tips? Reach him via email at francisco.velasquez@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
