Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Driving AI Growth and Expanding Cybersecurity Capabilities
2026-04-08 21:38
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/alphabet-inc-googl-driving-ai-203833982.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is among the best performing cybersecurity stocks in 2025. On March 27, Barclays named Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) among its best compute stocks. The firm sees Alphabet as well positioned to benefit from AI infrastructure buildout. It’s projected that AI infrastructure spending by large cloud service providers and AI labs could exceed $1 trillion before hitting peaks in 2028.
d8nn / Shutterstock.com
Google developed a custom processor chip for accelerating AI workloads, which Barclays sees as giving it good exposure to AI infrastructure budgets. Called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), this AI accelerator chip is optimized for performance and cost for all types of AI workloads thanks to its high reliability, security, and availability.
Google says this chip is perfect for training AI models, and it uses it internally for this purpose. It has also deployed it to power its cloud services.
Barclays’ view on the bright prospects of Google’s TPU AI chips is shared by DA Davidson. Gil Luria, DA Davidson’s head of technology research, estimates that selling AI chips could be a $900 billion business for Alphabet.
On March 26, Google added new tools intended to make it easy for users to switch to its Gemini AI assistant from rival AI agents. The tools include prompts that allow users to import chat history and preferences to Gemini from agents like ChatGPT and Claude.
Google’s bid to lure users from rival AI agents comes as it continues to enhance its Gemini AI assistant, which can now provide summaries inbox summaries and proofread outgoing emails before they’re sent.
Alphabet Inc  has solidified its role in cybersecurity with the $32 billion acquisition of Israeli firm Wiz, officially completed on March 11, 2026. Wiz, which surpassed $1 billion in ARR in 2025, will join Google Cloud while keeping its brand, offering a multi‑cloud security platform across Google, AWS, Azure, and Oracle. The deal, Google’s largest ever, follows regulatory approvals in late 2025 and early 2026 and reflects its push to deliver a unified AI‑driven security platform to counter rising threats like prompt‑based attacks, while strengthening its appeal to enterprise clients.
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is an American multinational technology conglomerate. It’s the parent company of the internet search engine and cloud computing giant Google. Google’s bevy of digital services also include cybersecurity, data analytics, and AI. Alphabet is headquartered in Mountain View, California.
While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: Motley Fool’s 10 High-Growth Stock Picks and 8 Best Blue Chip AI Stocks to Buy Now.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
