The AI "Capex Trap" Is Wall Street's Biggest Fear Right Now. Here's Why I Think It's Overblown.
2026-04-08 20:35
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/the-ai-capex-trap-is-wall-streets-biggest-fear-rig/?.tsrc=rss
----------
Investors should examine the potential benefits of this spending before panicking over its scope.
The most significant challenge with stocks in the artificial intelligence (AI) space involves capital expenditures (capex). Some of the top tech companies plan to spend over $100 billion each on capex in 2026 after investing massive amounts into it last year.
Though companies such as Amazon (AMZN +3.42%) or Alphabet (GOOGL +3.71%) (GOOG +3.56%) hold massive liquidity positions, even the largest tech giants are not immune to investors' concerns about the size of their outlays.
Fortunately for AI stock bulls, it appears the market has probably overreacted to the rapidly rising levels of capex spending, and here's why.
Image source: Getty Images.
Without a doubt, many of tech's top companies are in a sort of arms race to become leaders in AI. Grand View Research forecasts a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in this industry of 31% through 2033, which would take the value of the industry from around $391 billion in 2025 to almost $3.5 trillion by 2033. Meanwhile, Statista forecasts that AI infrastructure spending could triple by 2029.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Perhaps no company has spent more on its efforts to capitalize on this opportunity than Amazon. It plans to allocate $200 billion this year, and that comes after it spent $132 billion in 2025.
However, despite those massive outlays, Amazon's financial position has improved. That goes beyond the 12% rise in revenue, which included a 20% revenue increase for its cloud computing arm, Amazon Web Services (AWS).
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.
During 2025, its free cash flow was $11 billion, falling from $38 billion in 2024. Still, investors should remember that the calculation for free cash flow subtracts out capex, so Amazon continues to generate free cash despite its huge spending.
Moreover, Amazon's book value rose to $411 billion in 2025, up from $286 billion the previous year. That implies that its spending has paid off.
Alphabet is in a similar situation. It plans between $175 billion and $185 billion in capex this year, up from $91 billion in 2025. Amid that investment, its 2025 revenue grew by 18%, including a 48% revenue increase for Google Cloud, implying its capex spending helped it serve more customers.
Also, despite the massive capex spending, the Google parent generated $73.3 billion in free cash flow, a slight improvement over 2024's number of $72.8 billion. Additionally, Alphabet's book value is now $180 billion, up from $125 billion at the end of 2024. As with Amazon, the Alphabet example suggests that its large capex investment has made Alphabet wealthier, which validates the company's decision.
Considering their balance sheet improvements, the higher capex spending suggests that investors should buy more of these stocks, particularly if the companies' massive investments lead other investors to sell.
Admittedly, investors should not assume that heavy capex will necessarily improve a company's financial condition. Still, in the cases of Amazon and Alphabet, their financials show that they have already begun seeing returns from these investments. That is likely why they are dramatically increasing their spending from 2025 levels.
With all this in mind, investors should not panic as capex spending rises. In fact, this trend could turn into a buying opportunity if such financial improvements occur amid an environment of falling stock prices.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
Will Healy has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
