Joby vs. Archer Aviation: Which eVTOL Stock Wins in 2026?
2026-04-08 20:50
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/joby-vs-archer-aviation-which-evtol-stock-wins-in/?.tsrc=rss
----------
Joby and Archer are two leading manufacturers of eVTOLs -- a hot opportunity that could redefine the mobility market.
Electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft, or eVTOLs, have the potential to redefine the transportation industry. These battery-powered flying taxis lift straight up like helicopters but cruise quietly at low altitudes -- meant to bypass gridlocked highways, facilitate medical evacuations, and give militaries agile solutions in disaster zones.
With urban environments swelling and sustainability standards on the rise, the mobility market is ripe for disruption. Let's explore how Joby Aviation (JOBY +2.98%) and Archer Aviation (ACHR +3.93%) are competing to transform daily commutes, logistics operations, and defense missions alike.
Image source: Joby Aviation.
Joby's edge starts with its progress with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). The company recently started flight tests on its first FAA-conforming aircraft and is entering the final stages of type certification. Beyond its work with public sector officials, Joby has forged a number of interesting partnerships poised to add strategic value once the company begins to scale.
Joby has long collaborated with Toyota Motor, which brings deeply embedded manufacturing expertise to the table. Moreover, the company's acquisition of Blade Air Mobility's passenger business and integrations with Uber Technologies provide Joby with additional infrastructure and revenue streams in high-demand urban corridors.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
In addition, partnering with incumbent commercial airliners such as Delta Air Lines adds another layer of route potential beyond cities. Finally, the company also entered the defense market via its ties with the U.S. Air Force and L3Harris. This segment helps diversify Joby's business beyond civilian markets.
While building eVTOLs is capital-intensive, Joby's balance sheet remains in a solid position. The company ended 2025 with roughly $1.4 billion in cash and investments, which was bolstered by a $1.2 billion raise earlier this year. This liquidity provides ample runway for production ramp-ups as Joby moves toward revenue-generating commercial passenger services.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.
Like its counterpart, Archer has also made impressive strides with the FAA. Last month, investors learned that Archer's Midnight aircraft was the eVTOL to secure 100% FAA acceptance of its "Means of Compliance." This paves the way for Archer to finalize the acceptance of remaining FAA certifications -- ultimately clearing a path to achieve Type Inspection Authorization (TIA) activities.
Also like Joby, Archer has complemented its own manufacturing capabilities with a number of strategic and financial partners. Most notably, Stellantis is leveraging its expertise in the automotive landscape to support Archer's aircraft production. The value proposition here is that outsourcing some of its research and development (R&D) to Stellantis may lower Archer's capital expenditure (capex) burden compared to building everything in-house.
On the defense side, Archer collaborates with Anduril on hybrid VTOLs and Palantir Technologies on designing next-generation aviation systems.

ACHR Cash and Short Term Investments (Quarterly) data by YCharts
Financially, Archer is in decent shape -- boasting roughly $2 billion in liquidity as of the end of December. This profile should provide adequate runway to offset cash burn as the company moves toward revenue generation.
Between the two companies, I think Joby emerges as the stronger pick for 2026. While Archer's cash stockpile and manufacturing partnerships offer optionality and mitigate liquidity risk, Joby leads in FAA certification -- a variable that I see as the most important foundation as each company vies for commercial traction.
Furthermore, Joby's integrations with Uber and Blade could help the company reach meaningful revenue milestones before Archer -- whose business seems to index more on future concepts rather than concrete, near-term tailwinds.
While both companies are well funded, Joby appears to have the edge when it comes to competitive advantages in the high-stakes eVTOL arena. For this reason, I see Joby as the smarter bet for near-term gains.




Before you buy stock in Joby Aviation, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Joby Aviation wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Adam Spatacco has positions in Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends L3Harris Technologies, Palantir Technologies, and Uber Technologies. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines and Stellantis. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
