Here's Why Shares in Chevron Slumped Today
2026-04-08 17:33
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/heres-why-shares-in-chevron-slumped-today/?.tsrc=rss
----------
The market is pricing in a favorable outcome from the conflict in the Persian Gulf, but that may prove premature.
Shares in integrated oil major Chevron (CVX 4.29%) declined by 5.3% by 11 a.m. today. There's no arguing over the reason: the 15% drop in oil prices as a consequence of the agreement for a two-week ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran.
Investors have been buying stocks like Chevron to hedge against the risk of a prolonged conflict and its impact on global energy prices. As such, when that risk recedes, as it appears to have done today, it's understandable if the market reacts by selling off oil and stocks like Chevron, which are bought as proxies for oil prices.
Still, it's worth taking a step back and looking at the bigger picture here. The 15% drop in oil prices just means it's trading at about $95 per barrel at the time of writing, a significant premium to the $58 per barrel it traded at at the start of the year.  That's good news for Chevron's upstream (exploration and production) interests.
Moreover, refining crack spreads (the difference between the price of crude oil and petroleum products like gasoline) remain elevated. For example, the 3-2-1 crack spread, which measures the difference between the costs of three barrels of crude, two of gasoline, and one of diesel, remains elevated at $42, up from less than $at the start of the year. That's good news for Chevron's downstream (refining margins).
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The reality is that crude oil supplies and refined product supplies from the Persian Gulf will take time to recover to pre-conflict levels, if at all.
Image source: Getty Images.
Furthermore, the agreement is a ceasefire, not a comprehensive peace deal, and many points in the official Iranian and widely reported U.S. versions are incompatible, particularly regarding the conditions for reopening the Strait of Hormuz and who will have long-term control over it. Until these matters are resolved, Chevron remains an excellent way to hedge risk in the current environment.




Before you buy stock in Chevron, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Chevron wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Lee Samaha has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
