Report: Losing your job to AI doesn’t just lead to unemployment, it leaves lasting scars
2026-04-07 16:16
https://www.cnn.com/2026/04/07/economy/ai-job-losses-long-term-effects?.tsrc=rss
----------
Markets
Hot Stocks
Fear & Greed Index
Latest Market News
Hot Stocks
AI-driven job losses may not just make it harder for affected workers to find employment in the short term but also could leave a yearslong “scarring,” marked by depressed income, delayed homeownership and even the lower probability of marriage, according to a new research report from Goldman Sachs.
And those outcomes are even worse if they happen during a recession, Goldman Sachs economists wrote Monday.
The latest analysis comes as economists, policymakers, academics and workers across industries are trying to assess how fast-rising artificial intelligence technologies could affect people, sectors and societies at large. Goldman Sachs previously estimated that 6% to 7% of US workers (about 11 million people) could have their jobs displaced by AI.
Monday’s note explored the potential longer-run effects of AI-related job displacement.
To do so, economists turned to the recent past: They identified occupations usurped by various technological innovations since 1980, and they then tracked the labor market outcomes of workers by applying data from the National Longitudinal Surveys, a federal research effort to gather information at multiple times in people’s lives.
In doing so, the economists came to four conclusions:
“Overall, these patterns suggest that AI-driven displacement could impose lasting costs on affected workers, with substantially larger effects when job losses coincide with a recession,” economists Pierfrancesco Mei and Jessica Rindels wrote.
However, they noted, while a lot of attention has been focused on the potential negative impact that AI is having on new graduates, past research shows that younger workers who switched jobs or upgraded their skills had better outcomes.
Mei and Rindels highlighted retraining programs as a potential solution in mitigating the negative effects of technology displacement.
“Retrained workers tend to move up the occupational ladder into roles with higher abstract content – positions requiring advanced skills and greater complementarity with information and communication technology – thereby reducing their exposure to future automation,” they wrote.
AI is already dramatically reshaping the labor market. How have you been affected? Have you been told your job is being or will be replaced by AI? If so, what is the next step for you? We want to hear from people who are navigating and adapting to these shifts, including joining workforce retraining programs or enrolling in post-secondary education.
AI is already dramatically reshaping the labor market. How have you been affected? Have you been told your job is being or will be replaced by AI? If so, what is the next step for you? We want to hear from people who are navigating and adapting to these shifts, including joining workforce retraining programs or enrolling in post-secondary education.
If you would be willing to share your experience with a CNN reporter for possible inclusion in an upcoming article, we'd like to hear from you.
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. US market indices are shown in real time, except for the S&P 500 which is refreshed every two minutes. All times are ET. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor’s and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices Copyright S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. Fair value provided by IndexArb.com. Market holidays and trading hours provided by Copp Clark Limited.
© 2026 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
Scan the QR code to download the CNN app on Google Play.
Scan the QR code to download the CNN app from the Apple Store.
By clicking "Agree", you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and agree to the collection and use of your information by cookies and similar technologies, as set forth in our Privacy Policy.
If you switch this toggle to “no,” we will not sell or share your personal information with third parties for advertising targeted to this device. Please see our Privacy Center for additional preferences.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work.

