Nike Shares Plummet Again. Will the Stock Ever Rebound?
2026-04-07 08:55
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/07/nike-shares-plummet-again-will-the-stock-ever-rebo/?.tsrc=rss
----------
Nike has a long road ahead to turn around its business.
Nike (NKE +1.03%) shares plunged after its fiscal third-quarter results showed the company continuing to struggle to turn around its business. The results were similar to what it has experienced much of the past fiscal year, with flattish revenue and a declining gross margin. Meanwhile, Nike expected the rest of its fiscal year to remain challenging, hurt by China and its Converse business.
After its sell-off last week, the apparel stock is now down about 30% on the year, as of this writing.
Nike admitted on its earnings conference call for the period ended Feb. 28 that its turnaround was taking longer than expected, but management thinks its strategy will help set the company up for long-term success. It said one of the most important things it accomplished in the quarter was reducing inventory in its classic footwear franchises. Former CEO John Donahoe eschewed innovation and leaned into its classic footwear brands, which oversaturated the market, so current CEO Elliot Hill has been working to correct this mistake.
In areas where Nike did innovate, it saw solid success. Its neuroscience-based Nike Mind footwear platform resonated with customers, with Mind 001 selling out across regions. The company will double production of the platform over the next two seasons, as more than 2 million consumers have signed up to be notified when the shoes are available.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.

Hill and company also continue to undo Donahoe's direct-to-consumer (DTC)-centric approach by reestablishing relationships with wholesale partners. Meanwhile, it is trying to turn its DTC operations more into the place to get its premium product offerings.
That said, the company remains very much in a transitional state. Overall revenue was flat at $11.3 billion. Nike brand revenue rose 1% to $11 billion, while Converse revenue plunged 35% to $264 million. Wholesale revenue increased 5%, while Nike Direct revenue fell 4%. Its overall revenue was boosted by currency impacts.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Nike's North American revenue rose by 3%, but the company struggled in international markets. EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) revenue dropped 7%, while China revenue declined by 10%, and Asia Pacific and Latin America revenue fell by 2%. Management projected revenue from Greater China would be very weak in fiscal Q4, guiding for a 20% plunge.
Meanwhile, the company continued to feel the brunt of tariffs, with its gross margin falling 130 basis points to 40.2%. It expects gross margin to "inflect" in fiscal Q2 2027, setting the stage for an earnings recovery. It expects its "Win Now" restructuring plan to be complete by the end of 2026.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
The best thing to be said about Nike is that its current CEO appears to be willing to incur short-term pain to help reset the business and try to dig the company out of the hole its prior CEO created. It's a work in progress, but his actions could position the company for meaningful operating margin recovery in the coming years. However, investors are likely going to need to remain patient.
As such, there is no rush to buy the stock right now.




Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Geoffrey Seiler has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
