1 Large-Cap Stock on Our Buy List and 2 We Find Risky
2026-04-07 09:05
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/1-large-cap-stock-buy-080550410.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Large-cap stocks have the power to shape entire industries thanks to their size and widespread influence. With such vast footprints, however, finding new areas for growth is much harder than for smaller, more agile players.
This is precisely where StockStory comes in - our job is to find you high-quality companies that can win regardless of the conditions. Keeping that in mind, here is one large-cap stock whose competitive advantages creates flywheel effects and two that could be stalling.
Market Cap: $65.2 billion
Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.
Why Should You Dump NKE?
Constant currency revenue growth has disappointed over the past two years and shows demand was soft
Free cash flow margin is anticipated to expand by 1.6 percentage points over the next year, providing additional flexibility for investments and share buybacks/dividends
Diminishing returns on capital from an already low starting point show that neither management’s prior nor current bets are going as planned
Nike is trading at $43.94 per share, or 27x forward P/E. Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why NKE doesn’t pass our bar.
Market Cap: $59.12 billion
Born from the 2019 merger of BB&T and SunTrust in one of the largest banking combinations since the 2008 financial crisis, Truist Financial (NYSE:TFC) is a bank holding company that offers a wide range of financial services including consumer and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, and lending solutions.
Why Should You Sell TFC?
Large revenue base makes it harder to expand quickly, and its annual net interest income growth of 4.2% over the last five years was below our standards for the banking sector
Forecasted net interest income decline of 11.3% for the upcoming 12 months implies demand will fall off a cliff
Earnings per share were flat over the last five years and fell short of the peer group average
Truist Financial’s stock price of $47.62 implies a valuation ratio of 0.9x forward P/B. If you’re considering TFC for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more.
Market Cap: $30.95 billion
One of America's largest private landowners with roughly 868,000 acres in the Permian Basin, Texas Pacific Land (NYSE:TPL) owns land in West Texas and earns revenue from oil and gas royalties, water services, and land leases.
Why Should You Buy TPL?
Annual revenue growth of 26.2% over the last ten years was superb and indicates its market share increased during this cycle
Highly-profitable operating model results in strong unit economics and a best-in-class gross margin of 95%
Impressive free cash flow profitability enables the company to fund new investments or reward investors with share buybacks/dividends
At $449.60 per share, Texas Pacific Land trades at 33.2x forward EV-to-EBITDA. Is now a good time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
WHILE YOU’RE HERE: Top 9 Market-Beating Stocks. The best stocks don't just beat the market once. They do it again. And again. Robust revenue growth, rising free cash flow, returns on capital that leave their competition in the dust. The market has already rewarded these businesses.
But our AI platform says the party isn't over. Find out which 9 stocks made the cut this week — FREE.  Get Our Top 9 Market-Beating Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Comfort Systems (+782% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
