Delta Air Lines Q1 Earnings & Revenues Top Estimates, Up Y/Y
2026-04-08 17:48
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/delta-air-lines-q1-earnings-164800309.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Delta Air Lines (DAL) reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
Delta Air Lines, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Delta Air Lines, Inc. Quote
Passenger revenues, which accounted for 77.5% of total revenues, increased 7% year over year to $12.30 billion. Domestic unit revenue grew 6% year over year with strength across all cabins. International unit revenue grew 5% owing to Transatlantic, DAL’s largest and most profitable international entity. The March quarter was the first full quarter of positive unit revenue growth in main cabin since the end of 2024, reflecting strong demand and continued supply rationalization. Corporate sales increased double-digits year over year in the March quarter.
Cargo revenues grew 9% year over year to $226 million. Other revenues jumped 41% year over year to $3.32 billion. Adjusted operating margin was 4.6% in the first quarter of 2026 compared with 4.5% a year ago.
Below, we present all figures (in percentage terms) in comparison with the first quarter of 2025 results.
Revenue passenger miles (a measure of air traffic) inched up 1% to 56.47 billion. Capacity (measured in available seat miles) expanded 1% to 69.16 billion. The load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) increased 20 basis points to 81.6%.
Passenger revenue per available seat mile grew 6% to 17.79 cents. Passenger mile yield inched up 6% to 21.78 cents. On an adjusted basis, total revenue per available seat mile inched up 8.2% to 20.53 cents.
Total operating expenses, including special items, increased 14% to $15.3 billion. Salaries and related costs rose 11% to $4.54 billion. This increase was due to higher wages stemming from the contract with pilots that was ratified in 2023. Fuel gallons consumed jumped 1% to 988 million. Average fuel price per gallon (adjusted) grew 12% to $2.78. Non-fuel unit cost (adjusted or CASM-Ex) inched up 6% to 15.13 cents.
DAL exited the first quarter of 2026 with cash and cash equivalents of $5.05 billion compared with $4.31 billion at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025. The company had an adjusted net debt of $13.5 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2026, a reduction of $3.33 billion from the first quarter of 2024-end. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was $2.41 billion, with gross capital expenditures and free cash flow of $1.17 billion and $1.22 billion, respectively.
Delta Air Lines expects second-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share to be in the band of $1.00-$1.50. The Zacks Consensus Estimate is currently pegged at $1.88 per share. The adjusted operating margin is expected to be in the range of 6-8%. With air-travel demand stabilizing, total revenue growth in the June quarter is expected to be up low-teens on flat capacity year over year.
The guidance assumes fuel at the forward curve as of April 2, 2026, and includes a refinery benefit of approximately $300 million. This leads to an expected fuel price of almost $4.30 per gallon for the second quarter of 2026.
Currently, DAL carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 15. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter 2026 earnings has been revised 1.4% downward over the past 60 days. JBHT’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in three of the preceding four quarters and missed in the remaining one, the average beat being 6.1%.
Union Pacific UNP is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 23.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter 2026 earnings has been revised 1.4% downward over the past 60 days. UNP’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in two of the preceding four quarters (missing the mark on the other occasions). The average beat is 1.3%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Union Pacific Corporation (UNP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
