Pre-Markets Feast on Latest 2-Week Ceasefire
2026-04-08 15:18
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/pre-markets-feast-latest-2-141800405.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Wednesday, April 8th, 2026What a difference a day makes! Instead of destroying a civilization more than 3000 years old, another two-week ceasefire was granted that allows for oil tankers to once again move through the Strait of Hormuz. Both President Trump and the Prime Minister of Iran call this a “win”… at least until two weeks from now.We’ll refrain from making any “TACO Tuesday” jokes here, because the fact of the matter is, we’re seeing our best pre-market trading in recent memory: the Dow is +1260 points at this hour, +2.69%, while the S&P 500 is +183, +2.76%. The tech-heavy Nasdaq is +865 points currently, +3.55%, and the small-cap Russell 2000 is +96, +3.76%.Oil prices have seen their biggest (non-Covid-related) drop in 35 years. The WTI is -18% ahead of today’s opening bell to $92 per barrel (/bbl), and the Brent crude price is -16% to $91/bbl. Of course, a longer-term agreement is going to have to be achieved at some point, or this relief rally will eventually lead to just another rollercoaster ride.

This is also the perfect day to unseal the cap on Q1 earnings season, as Delta Air Lines DAL outperformed expectations on both top and bottom lines. Earnings of +$0.64 per share surpassed the Zacks consensus by 3 cents, while revenues of $14.2 billion outpaced estimates by +0.86%. Shares, which had fallen -5.5% year to date, are shooting up +12% in today’s pre-market.Customer demand remained high in the quarter, which helped Delta increase ticket prices to relieve a deeper cut from third-party refinery sales. Corporate travel is expected to at least stay at current levels, if not improve, in the ongoing Q2. For more on DAL’s earnings, click here.

With the Iran crisis behind us for the moment, we can now focus on other aspects of economic growth. Later this afternoon, we’ll receive the minutes from the latest Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting last month, when the Fed voted 11-1 to keep interest rates steady at 3.50-3.75% (with Stephen Miran once again the sole voter advocating a rate cut).This report feels like ancient history, however. Even though the March FOMC meeting brought us the latest “dot-plot” projections, developments in the Middle East may change Fed members’ outlook going forward. As of now, the collective expectation is for one 25 basis-point (bps) interest rate cut through all of 2026, with 14 of the 19 members looking toward one or zero cuts for the year.Questions or comments about this article and/or author? Click here>>
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Invesco QQQ (QQQ): ETF Research Reports
State Street SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY): ETF Research Reports
State Street SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF Trust (DIA): ETF Research Reports
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
