JPMorgan invests $600,000 to scale Atlanta’s clean tech workforce, startups
2026-04-08 13:24
https://www.esgdive.com/news/jpmorgan-invests-600k-to-scale-atlantas-clean-tech-workforce-startups/816980/?.tsrc=rss
----------

Let ESG Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.

The bank’s funding will have a two-fold initiative: bridging the talent gap between the skilled workforce needed to scale clean tech infrastructure and scoping out sites for clean tech startups.
JPMorgan said the grant will be administered through the Georgia Institute of Technology’s Partnership for Innovation Network, which advances entrepreneurship across Georgia and the Southeast. The grant will also allow Georgia State University, Morehouse College and Spelman College to launch programs that link students with clean tech entrepreneurs and give them exposure to career pathways in the sector.
The initiative seeks to bridge the current talent gap between the skilled workforce needed to scale clean tech infrastructure, according to the bank.
“A strong innovation economy needs talented entrepreneurs who can design, test, and produce innovations to solve critical problems, and skilled talent who can create and fill jobs in high-growth industries,” JPMorgan Vice President of Global Philanthropy Suganthi Simon said in a March 31 release. “We’re proud to support GACIH because the talent pipeline and the startup innovation pipeline are tightly linked and have the power to boost our communities, build wealth and grow our economy.”
The funding will also support site identification and feasibility planning for a new clean tech incubator facility in Atlanta, which aims to repurpose underused industrial spaces for early-stage startups focused on clean tech.
The GACIH partnership is the latest to come from JPMorgan, which has been increasingly investing in initiatives and technologies that accelerate decarbonization. Last month, the bank announced it was backing clean iron startup Electra through $30 million in new capital, provided through a venture debt facility, in a bid to scale the company’s low-carbon iron.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Experts expect private sector work on ESG issues and the clean energy transition to continue, albeit at a slower pace, under a reelected Donald Trump.
Left-leaning California and New York and conservative-led Florida and Texas have stepped up regulatory measures to underscore ESG’s role — or lack thereof — in their jurisdictions.
Subscribe to ESG Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter.
Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Want to share a company announcement with your peers?
Get started
                                
                                ➔
Experts expect private sector work on ESG issues and the clean energy transition to continue, albeit at a slower pace, under a reelected Donald Trump.
Left-leaning California and New York and conservative-led Florida and Texas have stepped up regulatory measures to underscore ESG’s role — or lack thereof — in their jurisdictions.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines
