Jamie Dimon Basically Says: Some People In Private Credit Have No Business Being In Private Credit
2026-04-08 14:31
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jamie-dimon-basically-says-people-133104247.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
As risks quietly build across the $3 trillion private credit market, Jamie Dimon is warning that the next downturn could expose weaker lenders—though regulators say the fallout is unlikely to threaten the broader financial system.
The JPMorgan CEO, in a letter to shareholders, wrote that "it's always been true that not everyone providing credit is necessarily good at it," when speaking about the current private credit environment.
"There are many players who are late to this game, and it should be expected that some credit providers will do a far worse job than others. We have not had a credit recession in a long time, and it seems that some people assume it will never happen," Dimon said.
Don't Miss:
This AI Helps Fortune 1000 Brands Avoid Costly Ad Mistakes — See Why Investors Are Paying Attention
This Energy Storage Company Already Has $185M in Contracts—Shares Are Still Available
When we hit the next credit cycle, losses on all leveraged lending will be higher than expected, he argued. Why? Blame weaker credit standards and covenants, coupled with more aggressive add-backs and the increased use of payment-in-kind (PIK) structures.
In the grand scheme of things, private credit probably does not present a systemic risk, Dimon continued.
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell issued a similar sentiment during a talk at Harvard University last week.
“I'm reluctant to say anything that suggests we're dismissive of the risk, but we're looking for connections to the banking system and things that might result in contagion. We don't see that right now,” he said. “What we see is a correction going on, and certainly they'll be people losing money and things like that, but it doesn't seem to have the makings of a broader systemic event.”
The $3 trillion private credit industry is a "relatively small slice” of the asset pool and is something that the Fed is watching “super carefully,” Powell added.
Dimon argues that if credit spreads widen further, companies that have borrowed will have to do so at higher rates, putting them under more stress.
"It should be expected that at some point insurance regulators will insist on more rigorous ratings or market downs, which will likely lead to more demands for capital," Dimon added.
Trending: This Startup Thinks It Can Reinvent the Wheel — Literally
On the topic of private equity, Dimon noted that private equity firms have not taken "greater advantage" of healthy markets to take their companies public.
Private equity firms now own roughly 13,000 companies, with the average hold period stretching to about seven years, nearly double historical norms. Dimon noted that the market has seen "nothing but a bull market since the great financial crisis."
"It's hard to imagine what will happen if and when we have an extended bear market," he remarked.
Some of the other larger risks noted were the geopolitical environment, high global sovereign deficits and debt, high asset prices and very low credit spreads, U.S.-China relations, tariffs, and cyber risks.
"The investment in AI is not a speculative bubble, it will deliver significant benefits," Dimon stated. The bank boss expects that AI and technological advancements will have a positive impact on productivity and the world going forward.
"I do not think it is an exaggeration to say that AI will cure some cancers, create new composites, and reduce accidental deaths, among other positive outcomes. It will eventually reduce the workweek in the developed world. And people will live longer and safer," Dimon wrote.
See Also: Skip the Landlord Headaches — Invest in Midwest Real Estate Passively
As AI becomes more advanced, it will also introduce serious new risks, such as deepfakes and misinformation, to cybersecurity vulnerabilities.
RFA CRO George Ralph recently spoke about the cybersecurity impacts artificial intelligence may have on the financial services industry.
Advancements in AI are lowering barriers to entry for hacking, as less-skilled individuals can now execute more sophisticated cyberattacks than in the past.
“Hackers before had a specific skill, and now AI helps everyone have that skill. There are more entry points in terms of human error, bad leavers. There’s lower skilled threat actors who can use prompt AI to help them work out how to do malicious code or feed errors back into AI,” Ralph said during an interview.
Dimon also noted that the technological shift will impact many sectors, including physical industries and scientific research, and while it will also eliminate jobs, it will enhance others.
"Our ongoing success will be based on our ability to wisely invest and move very quickly and nimbly, especially around product design and rollout, including incorporating artificial intelligence (AI) in everything we do," Dimon said.
Read Next: It’s no wonder Jeff Bezos holds over $250 million in art — this alternative asset has outpaced the S&P 500 since 1995, delivering an average annual return of 11.4%. Here’s how everyday investors are getting started.
Photo: Shutterstock
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga:
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article Jamie Dimon Basically Says: Some People In Private Credit Have No Business Being In Private Credit originally appeared on Benzinga.com
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
