What Makes ExxonMobil (XOM) an Investment Bet?
2026-04-08 14:56
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/makes-exxonmobil-xom-investment-bet-135619345.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
ClearBridge Investments, a global equity manager, recently published first-quarter 2026 commentary for its “Clearbridge Dividend Strategy”. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The market has witnessed two significant developments over the past three months: the war in Iran and the growing displacements of software engineers and the software industry. Amid this context, the strategy outperformed the S&P 500 Index, which dropped by 4.3%. This outperformance was attributed to a strategic underweight in information technology, which fell by 9.2% during the quarter, and an overweight in energy, which rose by 38.2%. The strategy focused on investing in high-quality industrial companies and alternative asset managers, while also sharpening energy investments on its top convictions. The firm anticipates that a slowdown in the global economy, driven by higher inflation and interest rates, will pose challenges to the market in 2026. The strategy continues to pursue broader diversification while navigating the challenges of war and AI disruption. In addition, please check the Strategy’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2026.
In its first-quarter 2026 investor letter, Clearbridge Dividend Strategy highlighted Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is a leading energy company that engages in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. On April 7, 2026, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) closed at $163.91 per share. One-month return of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) was 8.13%, and its shares gained 54.92% over the past 52 weeks. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has a market capitalization of $682.97 billion.
Clearbridge Dividend Strategy stated the following regarding Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) in its Q1 2026 investor letter:
"We have focused our energy investments in our highest conviction ideas: Williams and Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). ExxonMobil, however, as the largest private oil producer in the world, directly benefits from the events in the Persian Gulf. Higher oil prices will drive bumper earnings and cash flows, but that is not the only thing Exxon has going for it. Exxon’s robust production growth from low-cost basins will propel volume increases and margin expansion through the end of the decade. We have modestly trimmed our position as the stock has soared, but we maintain a significant investment in the company."
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is not on our list of 40 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds Heading Into 2026. According to our database, 98 hedge fund portfolios held Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) at the end of the fourth quarter, up from 93 in the previous quarter. While we acknowledge the potential of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
In another article, we covered Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and shared the list of best consistent dividend stocks to buy. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q4 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
