Iran ceasefire market moves: bitcoin prices surge, Exxon stock falls
2026-04-08 16:18
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/iran-ceasefire-market-moves-bitcoin-prices-surge-exxon-stock-falls-151826056.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Market Catalysts host Julie Hyman and Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma take a look at some of Wednesday morning's trending tickers and stories.
Bitcoin (BTC-USD) prices have surged to a three-week high on news of a ceasefire with Iran. The cryptocurrency is also rising after Iran requested that toll payments be made in crypto.
Energy stocks, including Exxon (XOM), Chevron (CVX), and Occidental (OXY), are falling from the ceasefire news.
Cruise stocks, including Norwegian (NCLH), Royal Caribbean (RCL), and Carnival (CCL), are soaring on eased US–Iran tensions.
Now time for some of today's trending tickers. We're watching Bitcoin, energy stocks, and cruise companies. Brooke De Palma joining me from the Nasdaq right now. Hey Brooke, let's talk about uh Bitcoin, first of all. Um already, we were seeing Bitcoin rise, right? Because we've got this risk-on rally today. And then I thought it was really interesting, Iran saying it wants to be paid its tolls that it wants through uh ships making passage through the Straight of Hormuz. It wants to to be paid in cryptocurrency.
Yeah, Financial Times having the scoop out this morning. And it's so fascinating, Julie, just to see the momentum that this led, led not only to crypto stocks. We see Bitcoin, Solana, Ethereum, seeing even more momentum as we make our way into today's trading session. But also, we see that also heading over to crypto stocks like Robin Hood or Coinbase, that a rally extending within those risk-on stocks as well. Also fascinating just to think of this actually happening. This is sort of a a move, for what I understand, uh as far as the Financial Times report goes, that would really sort of set the scene for cryptocurrency being used in this sort of case scenario. I was reading a few different reports, CoinDesk sort of saying that this really is momentum behind bypassing traditional banks, especially in this high stakes geopolitical environment. And so certainly this momentum then being rippled into what we're seeing in crypto this morning.
Yeah, but we'll see if it's any kind of sustained momentum, right? Just as we're we would pose that question I guess for for the rebound that we're seeing overall, um but we'll see if if there is any kind of staying power.
Exactly. And if this actually happens, Julie, you know, it remains to be seen if this is actually happening on the ground and what, you know, the longevity of this as well.
Yeah, great point to watch there if it actually happens versus what they want. Um, let's also talk about what's going on in the energy stock space. Um zeroing in on Exxon in particular. Exxon um said that it it's global production was down 6% in the first quarter, a lot of that liquefied natural gas because of disruptions in the Mid East and it can't yet assess the damage there um to its facilities because with tensions having continued. But but Brooke, overall, we're we're seeing a big pullback in oil prices and in energy stocks.
Yeah, I am taking a look at the YF Interactive and in this sea of green, you're seeing energy stocks completely red across the board. We also have uh, you know, Shell, we also have uh Chevron, also seeing lower momentum as well. And this really sort of goes to show that, okay, in the near term, they said that this surge in oil prices uh would lead to a 2.1 billion to 2.9 billion boost to first quarter earnings. But it's sort of like, okay, what happens after this? What happens if this ceasefire does continue and this really is sort of the end of that momentum that this stock has gotten over the past month. Taking a look at Exxon Mobile, over the past month, up about 2% as this war went on. We saw it hit, you know, above 169 over there. Now back down to 154. And so there's a lot of ifs this war does actually end and when this war actually does end the larger implications that this could have on these energy companies. as we've seen prices surge over this past month. But it's remains to be seen, you know, with 20% of of this uh region being known for oil passing through, how exactly will this work if the straight actually does reopen? What does that look like? We know for now, traffic really isn't getting through especially in this early innings after that ceasefire was just announced last night.
Right. And there's a lot of talk about how long it will take, even if it does open back up, how long will it take to repair some of the damaged facilities in the region. Um so that implies that oil would come back down. The question is, you know, does that decline, is there sort of a floor underneath oil prices while that work goes on? I guess we'll have to just wait and see what happens there. And then sort of related to what's going on in energy markets, we've got cruise companies. You know, we talked earlier about airlines that are rebounding today because of jet fuel prices. Well, of course, these companies also uh rely on fuel to move their ships around and they rely on people buying tickets, Brooke, for the ships too.
Yeah, Julie, to go back to uh stocks that are in the green today, this is uh Norwegian uh cruise lines, Royal Caribbean and so many others seeing green across the board here, largely because of the fact that, okay, if fuel costs do go down, this makes up about 10 to 15% of these cruise lines operating expenses. So lower fuel costs would be great for them. And Julie, as you and I have discussed, there wasn't necessarily a pullback in consumer's spending just yet. We even heard speaking of those airline executives from Delta this morning, that there still is momentum. There still is people buying. So, you know, if the fuel costs are are lower and people are still buying, this is all good news for the cruise line industry. But the ripple effects of this with higher inflation potentially over the summer because of higher cost when it comes to fertilizer, that then getting trans uh you know, rippled down into the cost of food. It's a big question of if this momentum that we're seeing within consumer spending will hold up.
Right. I mean, and it also speaks to the story that you and I talked about earlier in this week, right? That that the wealth effect because of turbulence in the stock market, would people who were invested be less willing to spend. With this rebound, if it's sustained, will that come back? I guess again, we'll just have to wait and see.
Have to wait and see, Julie. And also it'll be interesting to see, you know, I was saying earlier with Brian Sozzi on opening bed is, is this a, you know, I say one thing, I feel crummy about what's going on in the world, but yet I'm going out and spending. So it'll be interesting to see as we get more consumer confidence and consumer sentiment reports out later on this week.
Yeah, it will. Brooke, thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
