Anthropic Limits Mythos Model Release in Bid to Stave Off Hacks
2026-04-08 17:27
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/anthropic-lets-apple-amazon-test-180000528.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
(Bloomberg) -- Anthropic PBC is limiting the release of its latest artificial intelligence model to a handful of major technology firms, warning that the system may be capable of powering cyberattacks if software makers don’t have a chance to test it against their own defenses first.
Anthropic said Tuesday that it’s forming an initiative called Project Glasswing with Amazon.com Inc., Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp., Cisco Systems Inc. and other organizations. The companies will get access to the new Anthropic model known as Mythos so they can test it against their own products and hunt for vulnerabilities. The idea is that the group will collectively share findings with peers.
The AI startup meanwhile has no plans yet to release Mythos to the general public. The company said it’ll use the findings from Project Glasswing to inform what guardrails must be in place for the technology.
The arrangement reflects growing concerns among tech firms that more sophisticated models will be misused by criminals and state-backed hackers to hunt for flaws in source code and bypass cyber defenses. AI technology already is being used to help enable cyberattacks. In one case, a hacker used AI tools to facilitate a breach affecting the Mexican government.
During Anthropic’s testing, its in-house security team found that Mythos Preview was capable of identifying and then exploiting vulnerabilities “in every major operating system and every major web browser when directed by a user to do so,” according to a blog post. The exploits weren’t “run-of-the-mill” either, the team said. In one case, it wrote a web browser exploit that chained together four vulnerabilities.
Anthropic rival OpenAI has also previously stressed the growing cyber capabilities of its models and introduced a pilot program meant to put its tools “in the hands of defenders first.”
“We think this isn’t just Anthropic problem. This is an industry-wide problem that both private corporations but also governments need to be in a position to grapple with,” said Newton Cheng, who leads the cyber effort within Anthropic’s Frontier Red Team. “What we’re trying to do with Glasswing is give defenders a head start.”
Anthropic said it has discussed Mythos’s security-related capabilities with US officials, but declined to say which agencies. Cheng pointed to the company’s existing work with the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency and the National Institute of Standards and Technology.
Mythos is a general-purpose AI model and was not specifically developed for cybersecurity purposes, Anthropic said. Yet, Mythos has already discovered a number of security issues, Cheng said, including a 27-year-old bug used in critical internet software. The AI system also found a 16-year-old vulnerability in a line of code for popular video software that automated testing tools had scanned five million times but never detected, Anthropic said.
Dianne Penn, head of product management for research at Anthropic, said there are protections in place to ensure that members of Project Glasswing keep a tight grip on access to the Mythos model, but declined to share more detail for security reasons.
The existence of Mythos was first revealed thanks to a leak late last month after a draft blog post was left available in a publicly searchable data repository.
(Updated with more detail on AI cybersecurity risks in headline, lead and fifth paragraph. An earlier version corrected the description of software that was found to have a vulnerability.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
