Why Meta Platforms Stock Jumped Today
2026-04-08 21:53
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-meta-platforms-stock-jumped-today/?.tsrc=rss
----------
Meta launched a new AI model today.
Tech stocks were surging broadly on news of the two-week ceasefire in Iran, and Meta Platforms (META +6.49%) caught a tailwind from that catalyst, which triggered a move back into risk assets.
However, there was some company-specific news that drove the stock even higher today as the company announced the launch of a new AI large language model this afternoon.
As a result, Meta stock closed up 6.4% on the news, getting a boost after the news came out.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Meta invested significant resources into its Llama LLM models, but its product was widely regarded as being inferior to the industry's leaders, OpenAI's ChatGPT, Anthropic's Claude, and Google's Gemini.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
On Wednesday, the company announced Muse Spark, Meta's most powerful model yet, and the first model from Meta SuperIntelligence Labs.
It said Muse Spark would power a smarter and faster Meta AI, driving improvements in its core products like Instagram and Facebook. The company rebuilt its AI stack from the ground up, noting that Muse Spark was an early data point in its trajectory and it had larger models in development.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg has staked the company's future on AI several times, though most of its efforts have come up short. It recently pulled the plug on its Metaverse project and torched tens of billions of dollars on its AI-focused reality labs division.
Llama, its first large language model, has failed to gain significant market share, but the stakes continue to get higher.
OpenAI and Anthropic now have a combined market value of more than $1 trillion, and the success of Alphabet's Gemini helped that company tack on more than $1 trillion in market value last year.
Success in AI models could do something similar for Meta and would justify the money it's poured into AI. It's soon to say what the impact of Muse Spark, but it makes sense that investors are excited about it.





Before you buy stock in Meta Platforms, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Meta Platforms wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Jeremy Bowman has positions in Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
