Why Alphabet Stock Was Moving Higher Today
2026-04-08 17:40
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-alphabet-stock-was-moving-higher-today/?.tsrc=rss
----------
The Iran ceasefire was good news for the search giant.
The broad stock market was soaring today in response to news of a two-week ceasefire with Iran that includes reopening the Strait of Hormuz.
Alphabet (GOOG +3.56%) (GOOGL +3.71%) was among the winners, benefiting from a risk-on appetite in response to the detente. Though Alphabet doesn't have direct exposure to Iran or even high oil prices, it is one of the companies most exposed to the health of the global economy because of its size and focus on digital advertising.
As of 11:31 a.m. ET, the stock was up 3.7%, outpacing the Nasdaq Composite's gain of 2.6%.
Image source: Getty Images.
Tech companies like Alphabet tend to have minimal exposure to oil prices. After all, the company's main business is advertising, which involves a service rather than a good.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
But advertising is highly cyclical, and Alphabet's growth has ground to a halt in past economic crises as digital advertising spend is closely correlated with economic health and business's confidence that consumers will spend. The biggest risk for Alphabet in Iran was that the spike in energy prices could cause a global recession.
There was no major company-specific news out on Alphabet today, but Alphabet is a clear beneficiary of the ceasefire and any lasting resolution to the conflict.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.
The Google parent was red-hot before falling in February on concerns about its surge in capital expenditures and competition from Anthropic and Claude Code. In March, the stock continued to pull back due to the Iran war.
Investors have been impressed with the new Gemini chatbot and large language model, as well as the growth and profitability of Google Cloud.
We'll get an update from the company at the end of the month, but Alphabet looks to be in position to continue to deliver steady growth, especially if tensions in Iran continue to cool.




Before you buy stock in Alphabet, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Alphabet wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Jeremy Bowman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
