Goldman Says It’s Ready to Pounce as Retail Flees Private Credit
2026-04-07 16:09
https://www.wealthmanagement.com/alternative-investments/goldman-says-it-s-ready-to-pounce-as-retail-flees-private-credit?.tsrc=rss
----------
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. says its private credit fund narrowly escaped a broader exodus due to its reliance on institutional investors rather than wealthy individuals.
April 7, 2026
(Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. says a reliance on stickier, more patient institutional investors, rather than wealthy individuals, helped its $15.7 billion private credit fund narrowly escape the broader exodus plaguing peers this year.
Now, it’s looking to capitalize on the retreat of retail money to swoop in while rivals pull back.
Goldman Sachs Private Credit Corp., which manages a so-called non-traded business development company, met redemption requests in the first quarter amounting to 4.999% of its outstanding shares, according to a filing on Monday. That contrasts with peers including Blue Owl Capital Inc. that saw redemption requests dramatically higher than an industry-wide 5% limit.
Amid the exodus, Goldman Sachs is seeing a “meaningful shift” in the lending environment: the fierce competition that marked the rise of the $1.8 trillion asset class in recent years is starting to ease. That’s tilting the balance back toward the lender rather than the borrower, managers of the fund said in a letter to shareholders.
Related:Morgan Stanley Plans Private Credit Fund Even as Investors Flee
And Goldman Sachs, which is also raising a $10 billion direct lending fund, isn’t the only one talking up the opportunity. A Barings LLC fund that saw investors request 11.3% in redemptions on Monday said that its decision to cap withdrawals will allow it to pounce on deals created by the turmoil in the $1.8 trillion market.
Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are planning new funds investing in private credit even as the latter’s Chief Executive Officer, Jamie Dimon, cautions that losses on leveraged lending will be higher-than-expected.
There could be some “rebalancing,” as retail investors stay away, boosting spreads, covenants and other deal terms to the benefit of the lender, said Meghan Neenan, the head of non-bank financial institutions for North America at Fitch Ratings. “But it will take some time for those to show up in financial reports or move the needle on overall portfolio metrics,” she added.
A representative for Goldman Sachs declined to comment.
Read the Explainer: Why Private Credit Is Facing a Sudden Investor Exodus
To be sure, redemptions remain a huge issue for the market. With more than $8 billion trapped in private credit vehicles to date, investors are again expected to seek larger-than-usual withdrawals next quarter. And performance has slipped broadly in the industry, with reported losses in February the worst in more than three years.
The Goldman fund generated a 0.4% return this year through the end of February, trailing the 1.3% seen during the same period last year, filings show.
Related:Apollo’s Zelter Calls Private Credit Concerns Growing Pains
The fund sought to distance itself from peers, saying it’s the “only non-traded BDC in the peer group whose repurchase requests came in below the standard 5% quarterly cap.”
Goldman Sachs said while redemption requests for its fund were still above the 3.5% rate seen in the fourth quarter, net flows were positive, with subscriptions of around $1.04 billion, according to the filing.
“To be clear, we are in the same market as the other non-traded BDCs and we are certainly not insulated from the dynamics of the industry,” the Goldman fund managers wrote.
But they said that lenders that are not hurt by the retail outflows can start to negotiate stronger covenants and other protections, while borrowers also have to pay more to secure new loans.
“We have strategically diversified our sources of capital by maintaining an institutionally oriented private credit platform, which means we can be patient, we can pace our deployment at our discretion, and when coupled with our origination ecosystem, provides us with a competitive advantage throughout the credit cycle.”
© 2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Olivia Fishlow
Private Credit Reporter, Bloomberg News
Olivia Fishlow is a private credit reporter at Bloomberg News.
2026 Wealth Management Industry Awards
Trusts & Estates for Advisors
Get the news that matters
Copyright © 2026 Informa Connect Limited. Registered in England & Wales with number 01835199, registered office 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG.
