After a Breakout First Year, BofA's "Golf with Us" Returns to Bring $5 Golf to Kids Nationwide
2026-04-08 15:00
https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/breakout-first-bofas-golf-us-140000215.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Reigning Masters Champion Rory McIlroy makes $500,000 Donation to Youth on Course to Fund 70,000 Rounds for Kids through Golf with Us
Key Points
Bank of America's "Golf with Us" returns, offering youth ages 6-18 $5 tee times via free Youth on Course memberships nationwide at BofA.com/GolfwithUs
Available across Bank of America's 97 markets, the Golf with Us targets 150,000 new participants and aims to continue to increase Youth on Course's municipal course network across the country
Bank of America will bring Golf with Us clinics to 25 markets, offering skill development and life lessons for local youth
Enhanced benefits in 2026 include $5 golf simulator rentals and free PGA Pro lessons via Youth on Course partners Golf Galaxy and Dick's House of Sport
AUGUSTA, Ga. and CHARLOTTE, N.C. and MONTEREY, Calif., April 8, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Continuing on its commitment to make golf more accessible and affordable for kids, Bank of America today announced the return of Golf with Us. Children, ages 6-18, are invited to enroll in Golf with Us to access tee times for $5 or less to thousands of courses across Bank of America's 97 markets through a free one-year membership to Youth on Course.
In its inaugural year, Bank of America's Golf with Us drew nearly 100,000 youth participants from every state, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico, with members logging more than 100,000 rounds of golf nationwide. Of those members, more than 22,000 were girls including many first-time golfers. This year, the Bank hopes to enroll 150,000 kids in Golf with Us.
"Our belief in the power of sport to bring people together and broaden opportunity is reinforced by our partnerships that help us build stronger client connections, support local economies and inspire future generations," said Brian Moynihan, Chair and CEO of Bank of America. "In its first year, Golf with Us has helped nearly 100,000 kids learn invaluable life skills, and we look forward to building on this momentum with Rory's terrific support and partners like Youth on Course."
Golf with Us returns on golf's grandest stage – the 2026 Masters Tournament, where Bank of America serves as a Champion Partner. The bank's newest marketing campaign reimagines the sport's most iconic Masters moments with Golf with Us members featuring:
Jack Nicklaus' iconic putt for birdie on the 17th in 1986 to secure sole possession of the lead
Bubba Watson's escape from the pine straw on the 10th enroute to a 2012 Masters victory
Rory McIlroy's shot of a lifetime on the 15th hole and celebration on 18 after securing his long-awaited green jacket in 2025
"I remember being a kid trying to copy everything the players I looked up to did, the swing, the mannerisms, all of it. The idea of a young kid recreating that shot on 15 really resonated with me," said McIlroy. "Golf teaches powerful life lessons, how to compete, stay patient, and handle setbacks, and those lessons shape who you become. Opening access to the game is key to giving more kids that opportunity."
Inspired by the campaign, McIlroy will donate $500,000 to Youth on Course, which will help fund 70,000 rounds for members in the months ahead.
While discounted tee times remain a core offering, Golf with Us benefits also include:
NEW IN 2026: Expanded access for indoor play with $5 golf simulator rentals and a free lesson from a PGA Pro at any Golf Galaxy and DICK's House of Sport location
NEW IN 2026: Mentor-led golf experiences through a partnership with Watson Links
A registered handicap index in the United States Golf Association's (USGA) Golf Handicap Information Network (GHIN) system
Complimentary access to GolfPass
Continued development and learning opportunities through the PGA of America REACH Foundation
Throughout the spring and summer, Bank of America will also host thousands of kids at free Golf with Us clinics across the country where golf legends and celebrities with a passion for golf serve as instructors, sharing fundamental golf skills and life lessons while helping children feel a sense of belonging within the sport. In 2025, more than 1,500 kids participated in these clinics across 25 markets alongside golf legend Annika Sorenstam, NFL Hall of Famer Terrell Davis, World Series Champions Ryan Zimmerman and Jackie Bradley, Jr., and former U.S. Men's National Team veteran Jozy Altidore, among dozens of others.
"Our partnership with Bank of America has been a gamechanger for Youth on Course, accelerating our mission and scaling our impact in communities across the country," said Adam Heieck, Chief Executive Officer, Youth on Course. "As Youth on Course proudly celebrates its 20th anniversary, Bank of America's support has not only inspired tens of thousands of new young golfers but also expanded our network by adding over 100 municipal course locations and counting, ensuring that kids have safe, affordable places to play in their communities."
Golf with Us is free and open to the first 150,000 new participants who enroll before June 15. Returning Golf with Us participants can renew their annual membership with an exclusive 20% discount offer, courtesy of Bank of America. Interested families can learn more about the Golf with Us program and enroll by visiting: BofA.com/GolfwithUs.
Frequently asked questions
Question: How can my child sign up for Golf with Us, and is there a cost? Answer: Golf with Us is free and open to the first 150,000 new participants, ages 6-18, who enroll before June 15, 2026. Families can learn more and sign up at BofA.com/GolfwithUs. Returning Golf with Us participants are eligible to renew their membership at an exclusive 20% discount, courtesy of Bank of America.
Question: What benefits are included with a Youth on Course membership through Golf with Us? Answer: Members can enjoy rounds for $5 or less at thousands of courses nationwide. Once they complete one qualifying golf session, they also gain access to $5 golf simulator rentals at any Golf Galaxy and DICK's House of Sport location, a registered handicap index through the USGA's Golf Handicap Information Network (GHIN), complimentary access to GolfPass, and continued development and learning opportunities through the PGA of America REACH Foundation.
Question: How is Bank of America working to expand golf access in communities long-term? Answer: Bank of America is funding the widespread expansion of municipal courses within Youth on Course's network. This investment ensures that kids in more communities — including those that have historically had limited access — have safe, affordable places to play close to home.
Question: Is Golf with Us designed for all kids, including those who have never played before? Answer: Absolutely. Golf with Us is designed to welcome all young people to the game, regardless of experience level. In its inaugural year, thousands of first-time golfers enrolled, and more than 22,000 participants were girls — reflecting the program's commitment to making golf a sport where every kid feels they belong. No prior experience is needed to sign up and start playing.
Question: What is Youth on Course, and why did Bank of America partner with this organization? Answer: Youth on Course is a nonprofit organization that has provided young people access to golf for $5 or less since 2006, with a network of more than 2,000 courses across the United States, Canada, and Australia. Celebrating its 20th year, Youth on Course shares the Bank's commitment to removing financial barriers to the game and creating meaningful opportunities for youth in communities nationwide.
Question: Where is "Golf with Us" available? Answer: Golf with Us is available across all 97 Bank of America markets, spanning all 50 states, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. Through Youth on Course's network of more than 2,000 partner courses nationwide, families can find affordable, accessible places to play close to home. Interested families can visit BofA.com/GolfwithUs to enroll and explore participating courses in their area.
Bank of America's Sports Commitment Bank of America serves as a Champion Partner of the Masters Tournament and has partnered with the Augusta National Women's Amateur since 2019. Bank of America is also the presenting partner of the More Than Golf Invitational for female amateur golfers in partnership with the ANNIKA Foundation and has partnered since 2002 with the Latin America Amateur Championship and Asia-Pacific Amateur Championships.
Bank of America also serves as Platinum Partner of the 2026 Special Olympics USA Games and will bring more than 159 athletes and 40 caddies to the competition as sponsor of the golf competition.
Beyond its growing golf partnership portfolio, Bank of America also partners with some of the most iconic brands in sports that share a vision for excellence and achievement. Through these partnerships, the bank is working to deepen client relationships, inspire and showcase teammates, create lasting economic impact in communities, and drive growth, globally and locally, through the power of sport. To learn more, visit our Bank of America Sports webpage.
Bank of America Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million clients with approximately 3,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts.
Youth on Course Youth on Course, a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization headquartered in Monterey, Calif., provides youth 18 and under access to life-changing opportunities through golf. Since its inception in 2006, Youth on Course members have played more than 5 million subsidized rounds of golf for $5 or less at thousands of partner courses throughout the United States, Canada, and Australia. Its members include the top juniors in the sport, competing on the AJGA and Underrated Tours, the inaugural United States Golf Association U.S. National Development Team, and all collegiate levels. The organization forges new pathways for youth to grow in the game via opportunities, including the DRIVE Club, Careers on Course, Leadership Council, and its annual College Scholarship awards. The Youth on Course Alumni Network extends membership to those 19 and older, offering opportunities for young adults to connect at complementary events, access exclusive deals, and network with the top employers in the golf industry. Supporters can participate in various initiatives, including the Youth on Course 100 Hole Hike, the Vintage Cup, and the Online Auction, to help fund golf access for youth. More information about Youth on Course can be found by visiting youthoncourse.org or Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, TikTok and X.
Reporters may contact
Andy Aldridge, Bank of America Phone: 1.980.387.0514 andrew.aldridge@bofa.com
Olivia Prentice, Youth on Course Buffalo Groupe Phone: 210.739.3784 oprentice@buffalogroupe.com
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/after-a-breakout-first-year-bofas-golf-with-us-returns-to-bring-5-golf-to-kids-nationwide-302737077.html
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
