Why Palantir Technologies Stock Tanked on Wednesday
2026-04-08 21:16
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-palantir-technologies-stock-tanked-on-wednesda/?.tsrc=rss
----------
Famed "Big Short" investor Michael Burry fired his latest salvo at Palantir.
In the face of a broader market recovery today, Palantir Technologies (PLTR 6.26%) was under pressure, with the stock falling as much as 7.3%. As of 3:51 p.m. ET, the stock was still down 6.6%.
The catalyst that sent the data mining and artificial intelligence (AI) specialist lower was a bleak outlook from a famed investor.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Most investors have likely heard the name Michael Burry. The noted investor predicted the subprime lending crash in 2008, making a veritable fortune in the process. He placed high-stake bets that made him $100 million personally and $725 million for his investors. His name will forever be associated with the movie that profiled these events, The Big Short.
Burry has waged a months-long campaign against Palantir and Nvidia through his hedge fund, Scion Asset Management, and has taken significant short positions in the stocks -- essentially betting that their prices will fall.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
He fired his latest salvo against Palantir in a post on X on Wednesday, saying that AI start-up Anthropic is "eating Palantir's lunch." Burry points to Anthropic's sizable increase in annual recurring revenue (ARR), from $9 billion to $30 billion, saying the start-up "offers the easier, cheaper, intuitive solution for businesses." He went on to point out that it took Palantir 20 years to generate $5 billion in revenue. In all fairness, he fails to mention that the AI revolution began, shifting the landscape.
In hindsight, Burry's timing seems prescient. Since his dire warnings about AI and his attacks on Palantir and Nvidia began in early November, the stocks are down 26% and 9%, respectively (as of this writing).
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.
As I have written before, Palantir's results are the ultimate rebuttal. In the fourth quarter, revenue climbed 70% year over year, marking the 10th consecutive quarter of accelerating revenue growth. This was driven by 137% growth in its U.S. commercial segment, which drove adjusted earnings per share (EPS) to $0.25, up 79%. These results seem to hamstring Burry's argument.
With all due respect to his fame and his reputation, Burry has a vested interest in pushing Palantir lower. I think this is impacting his judgment.
For my money, Palantir's a buy.




Before you buy stock in Palantir Technologies, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Palantir Technologies wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Danny Vena, CPA has positions in Nvidia and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nvidia and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
