Reply selected by Microsoft as Launch Partner for Agent 365, supporting the governance and scaling of AI agents
2026-04-08 16:30
https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/reply-selected-microsoft-launch-partner-153000315.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed.
CHICAGO, April 8, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reply [EXM, STAR: REY] has been confirmed one of a small number of Launch Partners for Agent 365, supporting the general availability of Microsoft's new platform designed to provide enterprise-grade governance, observability and lifecycle management for AI agents.
Microsoft Agent 365 introduces a structured framework enabling organizations to deploy, monitor and manage AI agents consistently across business functions. As artificial intelligence becomes embedded in core operational processes, Agent 365 provides clarity, control and accountability, ensuring that AI-driven activities remain transparent, secure and aligned with organizational objectives.
Drawing on the expertise of the Reply group company specialized in Microsoft technologies, Reply, as a Launch Partner, will support clients in operationalizing Agent 365 through a structured and scalable approach that combines technical enablement with governance design and adoption strategy, helping organizations move from isolated AI experimentation to coordinated, enterprise-wide agent ecosystems.
This approach translates into:
Assessment of AI and agent maturity across the organization
Design of governance, security and compliance frameworks for AI, Agents and Agentic Platform
Definition of observability and performance monitoring models
Configuration, roll-out and ongoing management of Agent 365
Adoption and change enablement programs to ensure sustainable business value
Reply brings consolidated experience in Microsoft technologies and enterprise AI transformation, combining strong technological capabilities with sector-specific knowledge across financial services, manufacturing, retail, telecommunications and the public sector. This expertise is reflected in large-scale, governed AI adoption programs such as the Copilot rollout at Lumen — where 93% utilization was achieved across the organization, more than 5,700 employees were trained through over 180 structured sessions, and dedicated governance and enablement frameworks were implemented to ensure transparency, control and measurable business impact. It is also demonstrated through the development of innovative AI-powered experiences like the "App to the Future" AI-scape room, built on Microsoft AI and low-code technologies to showcase how intelligent solutions can be securely designed, orchestrated and scaled within enterprise environments.
"The introduction of Microsoft Agent 365 marks an important step in the evolution of enterprise AI. As organizations move towards distributed networks of intelligent agents, governance, observability and lifecycle management become critical enablers of scale. Being confirmed as a Launch Partner reflects Reply's commitment to supporting clients in building structured, secure and measurable agent ecosystems, fully integrated within their enterprise architectures." Commented Filippo Rizzante, CTO of Reply.
Through this collaboration with Microsoft, Reply reinforces its commitment to enabling organizations to implement artificial intelligence responsibly and at scale, supporting long-term digital transformation objectives.
For more information, please visit: www.reply.com
Reply
Reply [EXM, STAR: REY, ISIN: IT0005282865] specializes in the design and implementation of solutions based on new communication channels and digital media. As a network of highly specialized companies, Reply supports major industrial groups in the telecom and media; industry and services; banking and insurance and public sectors in defining and developing business models enabled by the new paradigms of AI, cloud computing, digital media and the internet of things. Reply's services include: consulting, system integration and digital services. www.reply.com
Media Contacts:
ReplyFabio Zappellif.zappelli@reply.comTel. +390117711594
Irene Caiai.caia@reply.comTel. +3902545761
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/reply-selected-by-microsoft-as-launch-partner-for-agent-365-supporting-the-governance-and-scaling-of-ai-agents-302737160.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
