Adobe's BPC Segment Grows From AI and User Expansion: What's Ahead?
2026-04-08 17:28
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/adobes-bpc-segment-grows-ai-162800885.html?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
SpaceX has confidentially filed for an initial public offering. SpaceX was most recently valued at $1.25 trillion.
US stocks rise at the open as deescalation talk in Iran extends rally
The bond market is helping resolve the Fed's interest rate dilemma
Adobe ADBE is benefiting from the growth of its Business Professionals and Consumers (“BPC”) segment, driven by AI innovation and user expansion. Business Professionals & Consumer subscription revenues increased 16% year over year (15% in constant currency) to $1.78 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. This makes the segment one of Adobe’s fastest-growing segments, outperforming overall company growth of approximately 11-12%.Adobe’s investments in conversational experiences in Acrobat and Generative AI models in Express are noteworthy. The combination of these two products is helping business professionals and consumers gain insight and create presentations much faster. Adobe is explicitly focusing on business professionals, which includes knowledge workers, SMBs, enterprise teams and general consumers, such as casual creators, students and personal users. These users typically do not need full, high-end creative suites like Adobe Photoshop or Adobe Premiere Pro but prefer easy-to-use, AI-powered, productivity-oriented tools. This expands Adobe’s Total Addressable Market beyond traditional creative professionals.Adobe emphasizes two layers of AI-infused products, which include existing tools enhanced with AI, like Photoshop AI features and the Acrobat AI assistant. The other layer is AI-first products, which are built from scratch around AI workflows, including automation, generation and copilots. These two layers allow Adobe to increase user productivity, simplify complex creative tasks and expand adoption among non-experts. With creativity at the core, the company is expanding innovation across all flagship applications while investing in new offerings. These new products include Acrobat Studio, which unites Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Express and AI agents, which is expected to help Adobe expand its footprint among business and creative professionals, as well as students. Acrobat Studio converts PDFs into a conversational knowledge hub that users can explore with the help of a customizable AI assistant to gain insights, answers and recommendations. Adobe Express creation tools and templates, along with Firefly-powered image and video generation tools, can then be used to create content from the gathered information.The company is witnessing steady growth across the Acrobat and Express product family. Combined monthly active user growth accelerated 17% year over year and crossed 850 million monthly active users at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2026.Adobe expects Business Professionals and Consumer subscription revenues between $1.80 billion and $1.82 billion for the second quarter of fiscal 2026. The company expects Creative and Marketing Professionals subscription revenues between $4.41 billion and $4.44 billion.
ADBE’s AI business is minuscule compared with Microsoft MSFT and Alphabet GOOGL.Microsoft’s Intelligent Cloud revenues are benefiting from growth in Azure AI services and a rise in the AI Copilot business. The company monetizes AI through existing customer relationships, reducing customer acquisition costs while expanding revenue per user. Microsoft’s $625 billion remaining performance obligations (RPO) and 15 million Microsoft 365 Copilot paid seats demonstrate robust enterprise demand and successful AI product adoption. In contrast, Adobe’s RPO hit $22.22 billion at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2026.
Alphabet’s focus on leveraging AI to drive growth is a key catalyst. AI is heavily infused across its offerings, including Search and Google Cloud. Alphabet is leveraging AI to boost search dominance with the launch of Gemini 2.5. Search revenues are driven by improving engagement with features like AI Overview, which now has 2 billion users per month and is available in more than 40 languages across 200 countries.
Adobe shares have declined 30.5% year to date, underperforming the broader Zacks Computer and Technology sector’s loss of 5%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
ADBE stock is trading at a premium, as suggested by a Value Score of B.In terms of trailing price/book, Adobe shares are trading at a discount of 8.49X compared with the broader sector’s 9.36X.
ADBE Valuation
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for second-quarter fiscal 2026 earnings is pegged at $5.82 per share, up 15 cents over the past 30 days, suggesting 15% year-over-year growth.
Adobe Inc. price-consensus-chart | Adobe Inc. Quote
Adobe currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Adobe Inc. (ADBE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
