Here's What Could Happen to These 2 Oil Stocks if the Iran War Ceasefire Holds
2026-04-08 20:25
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/heres-what-could-happen-to-these-2-oil-stocks-if-t/?.tsrc=rss
----------
Oil prices are falling in the wake of the agreement.
President Trump announced that the U.S. and Iran had reached a two-week ceasefire agreement hours before his deadline last night. As part of the deal, Iran agreed to allow ships to safely pass through the Strait of Hormuz. The news sent stock prices soaring and oil prices crashing on Wednesday. Brent, the global oil benchmark, tumbled more than 13% to around $95 a barrel.
Here's a look at what could happen to leading U.S. oil stocks ConocoPhillips (COP 4.97%) and Occidental Petroleum (OXY 5.02%) if the ceasefire holds.
Image source: Getty Images.
Despite the ceasefire, hundreds of ships remain stranded on both sides of the Strait of Hormuz. Before the war, 20% of global oil and LNG supplies moved through that waterway each day. However, Iranian attacks on ships and insurance issues have slowed traffic to a crawl. It hasn't yet improved following the ceasefire because Iran has halted oil tanker traffic due to Israeli attacks on Iranian-backed Hezbollah in Lebanon.
Additionally, there have been several other attacks on oil infrastructure in the Middle East since the ceasefire. A drone reportedly struck Saudi Arabia's East-West pipeline, which the country has been using to partially bypass the Strait by exporting oil out of the Red Sea. Iran also reportedly hit an oil export terminal on the Red Sea and some facilities in Kuwait.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Despite those early hiccups, the oil futures market is pricing in an end to the conflict. While the current Brent contract (June delivery) trades at nearly $95 a barrel, the December contract prices oil at less than $80 a barrel. Meanwhile, futures contracts for WTI, the primary U.S. oil price benchmark, are trading in the mid-to-low $70s a barrel for deliveries this fall.
These futures contracts suggest the market expects oil to steadily decline as the Strait reopens for business. This decline could put downward pressure on oil stocks. Shares of ConocoPhillips and Occidental Petroleum are down more than 5% today amid the slump in crude oil prices. However, their shares might not fall too far. While ConocoPhillips' stock has gained 32% this year and Occidental's shares are up about 43%, both have underperformed the more than 60% surge in crude prices. That's due to the market's belief that the war will only cause a short-term disruption to the oil market and that oil prices will be much lower later this year.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
However, oil prices will likely remain much higher on average this year, meaningfully boosting their cash flows. Both oil companies expected that cost savings alone would add over $1 billion to their annual free cash flow this year with no change in oil prices. Meanwhile, higher oil prices will provide an additional boost. For example, every $1 increase in the price of WTI will increase ConocoPhillips' annual cash flow by over $140 million and boost Occidental's by $240 million.
Oil prices have already come down sharply since last night's ceasefire announcement. They'll likely continue falling if it holds. While that will presumably put additional downward pressure on shares of ConocoPhillips and Occidental, they're still on track to make a lot more money in 2026, given the likelihood that oil prices will be higher on average this year.




Before you buy stock in Occidental Petroleum, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Occidental Petroleum wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Matt DiLallo has positions in ConocoPhillips. The Motley Fool recommends ConocoPhillips and Occidental Petroleum. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
