Why BigBear.ai Stock Sank 11.1% Last Month and Has Kept Falling in April
2026-04-08 21:17
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-bigbearai-stock-sank-111-last-month-but-is-inc/?.tsrc=rss
----------
BigBear.ai stock is now down more than 35% year to date.
BigBear.ai (BBAI +1.16%) stock got hit with another round of double-digit monthly sell-off in March. The company's share price fell 11.2% in the month, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. Over the same period, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite declined 5.1% and 4.8%, respectively.
BigBear.ai stock sank last month in conjunction with volatility for the broader market and an uninspiring quarterly report. The company's share price was also pressured by bearish analyst coverage. The stock is now down roughly 36% year to date.
Image source: Getty Images.
Valuations for the broader stock market moved lower last month in relation to risks connected to the Iran war, and BigBear.ai's specialization as a provider of defense technologies and services wasn't enough to stave off sell-offs. The stock has seen a dramatic valuation pullback since hitting its 52-week high last year amid strong bullish valuation trends for defense artificial intelligence (AI) stocks. The company's share price is currently down roughly 61% from its valuation peak over the last 12 months.
BigBear.ai published its fourth-quarter results after the market closed on March 2, reporting a smaller-than-expected loss on sales that fell far short of the average Wall Street analyst estimate. The business reported a loss of $0.01 per share on sales of $27.3 million, while the average analyst estimate had targeted a per-share loss of $0.06 on revenue of roughly $33.3 million. Sales were down roughly 38% year over year in the quarter.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
On the heels of the underwhelming quarterly report, the company received price target downgrades from multiple analysts. H.C. Wainwright published a report on BigBear.ai on March 3, maintaining a neutral rating on the stock but lowering its one-year price target from $8 per share to $6 per share. Cantor Fitzgerald published its own report the same day, lowering its price target from $6 per share to $5 per share and maintaining a neutral rating on the stock.
As of this writing, BigBear.ai stock is down roughly 1.7% in April. The continued sell-off comes despite the S&P 500 gaining roughly 3.7% and the Nasdaq Composite gaining roughly 4.5%.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
While stocks generally got hit hard last month as investors became more risk-averse in response to the Iran war, BigBear.ai's status as a defense services provider may have allowed it to see more moderate declines than it would have in other sets of bearish circumstances. The company's Q4 report arrived with sales that were much weaker than expected, and recent news that the U.S. and Israel have agreed to a two-week ceasefire may be weakening demand for defense-related stocks even as the broader market is rallying.




Before you buy stock in BigBear.ai, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and BigBear.ai wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 8, 2026.

Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
